&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp; China tourists in Malaysia
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Chinese "leisure tourism" business opportunities, from Southeast Asia to Northeast Asia "fan out"
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; xinhuanet.com Beijing 6 May report (reporter Qian Chunxian) in May 2nd, is engaged in the clothing design of the Hu Mingming fourth time to fly to the Thailand Phuket Island resort. Golden week for her, is lying in the Phuket Island beach, basking in the sun for a week. As the earliest China citizen tourist destination represents the unique position of attractions, Phuket Island represents the Southeast Asian countries in the Chinese: in the minds of consumers becoming more and more.
China tourists flocked to Thailand, "mark" from the tsunami recovery
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Thailand National Tourism Bureau data show, in 2005 went to Phuket Chinese tourists reached 100000 passengers, is expected in 2006 this figure will exceed 150000, thus becoming the important mark of southern Thailand tourism industry recovered fully in India ocean after the tsunami "".
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; China National Tourism Bureau and other departments of the authority data show, "five one" period, in addition to Hong Kong and Macao SAR tour, the main destination China outbound tourism is still the neighboring countries, and countries in Southeast Asia is the first choice of. At present, Chinese tourists has become Singapore Tourism, hotels, department stores, food and beverage industry to increase profits, the pillar of increasing employment.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Singapore aspiring to become Chinese tourist transit station. The World Tourism Organization predicted, China will become the world's major tourism power over the next 10 years, tens of thousands of foreign countries to Africa, India Chinese tourists, will be to make Singapore becomes the important factor of world shipping center.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; different from the "old place" like Hu Mingming, like new An Xin "five one" went to Kampuchea. In China government help to maintain the local cultural relics at the same time, these sites attract Chinese tourists, their consumption, is becoming one of the China neighbors source of revenue for this.
In May 4th, a little girl by motorboat in the sea for a ride. Xinhua News Agency
Russia, Mongolia has become a new bright spot tour this year
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Southeast Asian countries hit "be linked mountains and rivers" brand, the tourism industry in South Korea and Japan want to "cultural origin of" win "Chinese leisure opportunities". In "Dae Jang Geum", "Korean wave" and other cultural factors to stimulate the contrast between China and Korea, the route becomes more and more crowded. In the "five one" before, Korean Air announced plans to 5 years will be South Korea route to 50. And their respective economic center of Shanghai, the three countries of Busan, Osaka start is committed to the development of tourism "Golden Triangle", and plans to "five one" after the "three carriages" jointly to European marketing.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; tourism traffic economic analyst Liu Bin said, 2006 "five one" golden week, a new bright spot China around tourism is Russia, Mongolia of china. With the arrival of the summer northern scenery, showing a unique attraction. Russia, Mongolia and China have started trying to "share" China "leisure opportunities". At present, Russia specifically for Chinese tourists established "borderless world" association is go to all lengths by Russia and China of "country year" opportunity, attract more tourists "consumption China north".
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; tourism observers pointed out, China "leisure tourism" business opportunities, from Southeast Asia to Northeast Asia "fan out", and to benefit more and more neighbors.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "five one" before and after, China South Uni Airways Corporation opened in Beijing to Yierkuzike route, this is the Fifth China Russia international routes opened up by China Southern airlines. Hainan [library] airlines also announced plans to open the St Petersburg route. Chinese citizens surrounding tourist from Southeast Asia to Northeast Asia "fan out", aviation industry is "the river becomes warm in spring duck prophet".
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Liu Bin thinks, at present southeast grabbed China "leisure boom" before, can be Chinese ASEAN Economic and trade integration "adding fuel to the flames". Northeast Asia as China main tourist market, "two-way flow" will be the birth of the "Northeast Asia Tourism Circle", which echoes the tourism circle of North and South and Southeast asia. Can be predicted, this sector will eventually from northeast to northwest, through the junction to achieve tourism circle in Southeast and South Asia and Central Asia, South Asia tourism circle in the southwest region of the China. So, Chinese leisure will become not only all the surrounding nations, and will become a Chinese with these countries good neighborly and friendly "leisure link".