Xinhuanet.com Nanjing [Gallery]5 on 7 DEC (reporter Deng Huaning) five one period, many live in eastern Nanjing reflect the public hears reporter, Baixia District Park of Crescent Moon Lake allow car freely, on the foot of the tourists have to charge entrance fees, this practice is clearly contrary to public parks and the establishment of the principle of. This reporter conducted interviews and survey.
The crescent Moon Lake Park is located in Nanjing Chengdong Zhongshan [] outside the gallery, near an area of 30 hectares, of which 15 ha lake. The west end of the park to the city wall of the Ming Dynasty, the East is the narrow crescent lake, north of the purple mountain be close by., is a good place for exercise and leisure nearby residents.
The 6 reporters came to crescent Moon Lake Park South Gate entrance. 10:00 am to 10:30, half an hour has 7 cars from the south gate into the park, bus, private car, taxi there. These vehicles have not been the janitor to any block, there is no requirement to buy tickets, very smooth into the park.
But then came a few tourists reached the gate of the park on foot, immediately by the guard intercept.
"A walk in the park to buy two pieces, one piece," the guard said.
"But, just in the car for nothing?" A visitor asked.
"People are not going to the park, is to consume. The park infrastructure investment cost a lot of money, so the rule of driving to the consumer no tickets...... You don't need tickets to move! "
Few of the visitors and the guard theory after a while, others turned away. A visitor said angrily: "this park for tourists also driving and walking, it's not obvious discriminatory rules?"
The reporter saw in a bulletin board on the park entrance, Baixia District government rules here set: 1, any motor vehicle and non motor vehicles are being allowed to drive into the park; shall not set up stalls 2, park, buying and selling activities......
A government prescribed in yueyahu Park, why act in a diametrically opposite way? The reporter entered the park after the discovery, yueyahu park area is not large, but inside built 3 tall consumer entertainment: a "night of Shanghai" Hotel, a "junior spa" sauna club, there is a teahouse. These a few consumer entertainment will be facing the lake the best scenery was yanyanshishi.
Why would the public park so many consumer sites? Why to drive to free of charge? "A female manager Night Hotel Shanghai" to reporters: "now the answer within the park as a place of consumption is government house, self raised funds to build, is the state-owned assets, loans to still every year. Our boss to rent one house hotel. Before renting boss and the zoo said, every year to pay the rent, the condition is the consumer in consumption when no tickets. Our hotel's consumption level is relatively high, many consumers are open to the car, if at the door blocked the somebody else, then one selling tickets, you say, what's it like?"
A crescent Moon Lake Park Management Office staff told reporters, charge two yuan for tourists tickets is the price department group. Catering and entertainment business is introduced to the superior department. There is agreement between the park and the operators, each year to the garden party a sum of money, offset to this consumption tickets. If the park to consumer crowd selling tickets, these people will not influence to consumption, the park management will have no income, also cannot return loan.
When a reporter asked whether the Yueya Hu Park for all visitors to cancel the ticket, the park management staff said, the future will certainly be cancelled, as a superior notice. (end)
