Xinhuanet.com Taiyuan May 7th Mar (reporter Yan Guozheng) "five one" during the period of working in Taiyuan, a communications company Song Bo did not like my other colleagues choose to travel, but "the cat" to see a few mumbo-jumbo at home. Like Song Bo, many urban commuters in "five one" during the golden week had a similar "reclusive" life.
Song Bo "five one" period bought nearly two hundred yuan in the books, is he like watching martial arts novels, there are also some professional books. He said: "the travel feeling too tired, have a look as they like the book at home, not only the growth of knowledge, but also to relax the mind."
Mr. Li, as a sales manager in a pharmaceutical factory is a sports enthusiast, he emphasized the importance of the "five one" period rich sports TV programs. "Basketball, football is the NBA playoffs several European League, table tennis, badminton has the world table tennis championships have soup youbei, the most fun thing is these games are at the crucial moment, almost always wonderful," Mr. Li talked about sports programs as. He said, usually work let him miss a lot of wonderful game, "five one" during the back.
In addition to meet their own daily hobby, many urban commuters choose "Seclusion" is also like that relaxed state. The Journalism Department of North Central University young teacher Zhao said, usually go to work, have to worry about work, heart care, "five one" period can remain free, relax and do the things you want to do. Ms. Zhao "five one" hoarding a refrigerator Food at home, bought a Korean dvd. "My holiday I call the shots, relaxed the most important." She said.
Concerned personage says, many urban commuters during "five one" choose life "Seclusion", on one hand reflects their strong desire to rest, on the other hand also reflects the diversity of today's society people's ways of leisure. This kind of "hiding" the leisure way, not only make the urban office workers nervous attitude to relaxation, to fill the daily work of the psychological sorry for them, more adjusted the mentality for their future work, the power savings, the foundation to improve the efficiency of play.
