Xinhuanet.com Beijing May 7th Mar (reporter He Fenglun, Wang Junyong) let Cen Junyao rise to fame is not his own Guangxi [library] the first company specializing in foreign language translation company, but he used the "weekend" time with my family and colleagues to create additional income approach. Not long ago, his approach is the institution boss questioned.
This was just 29 years old young man accustomed to every Monday to Friday for its public institution engaged in translation business, weekend in created translation company translation planning organization. He said: "rather than make both ends meet, learn to broaden sources of income and reduce expenditure, efforts to create wealth."
But Cen Junyao is one of the many Chinese weekend digging "a microcosm of the second pot of gold". A study Chinese Academy of Social Sciences shows that, despite the use of spare time to seek wealth approach has started in the early days of the reform and opening up, but the true sense of the accelerated development in 1995 or Chinese formally implemented the "weekend".
Master of economics pays de Shin said: "work hard to get rich is the traditional concept of Chinese ingrained, problem of our country people thinking the most weekends after the implementation is not to rest, but how to create wealth, increase their income. On century 90 time metaphase is precisely the China reform facing a crucial period for many laid-off problem, double cease day become 'time axis move our people to create wealth'."
In the planned economy era, people on the enterprises and units of personal dependence relation is obviously, which hinders the opportunity for additional revenue for their own largely. Double cease day makes more and more Chinese to "rest", justifiable to create wealth in the rest time.
Cen Junyao is one of the representatives, but his approach in the community also caused widespread controversy: civil servants have been banned in and their related competent authority and industry second occupation, then institutions whether employees should also be included?
Relevant data show that: China city residents from second in third to obtain occupation income, share in the overall proportion of income has been increasing year by year. In 2004, the Yangtze River Delta 15 city residents in second of third regular income, occupation of income contribution rate conservatively estimated to have more than 20%. How to define, protect the legitimacy of this revenue, find the balance point between encouragement to create wealth and improve the work efficiency of individual units, including the problems faced is becoming at all levels of government, enterprises and institutions.
"Pay compensation weekends" and give usually 2-3 times, it has made some achievements in the practice can only line just 3-4 years of employees, the middle-level managers familiar with the industry operation rules, their wealth is much higher than the company's remuneration.
"Contract management" is perhaps the canonical management form in many people's mind. Companies and institutions can use the contract to avoid using the audience master customer resources staff, for their own profit. But in fact, the clerk can still use names registered company, other companies secretly provide customers to obtain profit.
Fu Deshen admitted: "whether the provisions of the law or compensation, in order to achieve effective management of staff is really difficult."
However, economists and sociologists have expressed the affirmation of the change. A more common view is: the market economy means "profit era", the state should encourage individuals to create a legitimate wealth, double cease day wealth as long as it is in the national laws and regulations permit range, must create and obtaining the right to protect this wealth.
Cen Junyao said: "my boss has questioned this practice, think I reduces work efficiency, affect reputation unit. But I think, as long as I can complete the task in the work time, I should choose the statutory rest time."
Legal experts Ji Kunfeng think, create wealth but also means paying more labor, "business" is a problem that must be solved in the process of social transformation Chinese. Only rely on the legal relationship is not enough to clarify, must be through the development of a longer time and perfect, units and individuals to find all equilibrium points are acceptable. (end)