Xinhuanet.com Hangzhou [library] Mar (reporter Yu Jingjing) leisure is becoming an important part of human life. According to introducing, leisure means out from a state of tension in the work of the occupation, so that the individual is able to feel their preferences, are interested in the way, to rest, relaxation and entertainment, and actively participate in social activities, spontaneously and arrangement of state personal life freely floorboard.
According to the forecast, in twenty-first Century will continue to strengthen the status of leisure industry, leisure on the economic growth, expand domestic demand and promote economic and cultural exchanges and international role will be more and more obvious, leisure practitioners will be accounted for the entire social labor most. International Leisure Research pundits predict, before and after 2015, developed countries will enter a "leisure time", developing countries will follow.
Leisure economy and leisure industry Chinese starts late, but develops very quickly. According to the World Tourism Organization predicted: in 2020, China tourism reception of international tourists reached 137000000 passengers, earning $100000000000, will become the world first powerful tourism. The economically developed coastal city will be the first to enter the era of leisure.
The World Leisure Organization was founded in 1952, is the United Nations consultative status international non government organizations. Since 1988, it has held eight World Leisure expo.
World Leisure Expo the world leisure Congress from the development, is a groundbreaking exhibition. In August 10, 2002, the World Leisure Organization Council vote, vote for the 1st World Leisure Expo Hangzhou is the host city of the 2006 World Leisure expo.
The 2006 Hangzhou World Leisure Expo's theme is "leisure -- change the life of human being", held April 22, 2006 to October 22nd. The last half of the Leisure Expo consists of hundreds of exhibition, festival, culture, sports, economic and trade, tourism and other activities, the main contents include the Hangzhou World Leisure Expo and World Leisure folk garden show, World Leisure Products Expo, World Leisure Congress, World Leisure summit, World Leisure award, and the West Lake International Leisure Management Training Carnival etc.. Taking Hangzhou as the main venue, radiation Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Anhui provinces 10 branch field. The exposition will focus on the display and to explore the way of leisure and leisure development direction of leisure industry, the countries of the world, is expected to attract 12000000 visitors. (end)
