&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; xinhuanet.com Lanzhou May 4th Mar (reporter Song Changqing, Zhou Runjian) area in the "adults see brains, children see buttocks", after the vacation work should be full of go is fatigue "post holiday syndrome"...... For the consumers, with tourism as the main type of vacation "Golden Week" after the 17 run has become more and more "similar" and "single". In the growing importance of "happiness index" and "quality of life" today, "Golden Week" has been gradually began to transition to a "leisure week": more and more people after suffered the travel congestion, fatigue, begin to choose the culture life hobby, enjoy a variety of taste and in situ rest adjustment. However, reporters in Lanzhou, Tianjin city such as the interview to understand, in the face of this change, we obviously inadequate preparation.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; golden week the first two days: a day 25000 visitors to explode crowded Park
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Lanzhou city Wuquanshan park is one of the major parks in the urban area. "Two days five one" before long, the total number of more than 50000 people visit the park. Reporter in May 2nd morning 9 when the left and right sides to this park, park on the square before the huge crowds of people, queuing for half an hour to buy tickets; after you enter the park, all the places of leisure and entertainment facilities are crowded with people. The entrance to the platforms, a surname staff Lianhu "hand almost broke".
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; encounter "crowd" is not only the park. Reporter in May 4th from the Lanzhou Municipal Sports Bureau understands, in Lanzhou City Sports Square, during the golden week this year, also suffered a "crowd", to exercise, fitness of the public is ten times the normal much, limited public facilities simply can not accommodate so many people.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; in the Lanzhou area of the locomotive swimming gymnasium, Lanzhou gymnasium and other public places, many people exercise, leisure cannot enter smoothly, while in the Yellow River the edge of the barges and other leisure facilities, is overcrowding.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "thought this year golden week should not go out, stay in the city, right around the street, exercise, and now it seems still as go out, at least to do. Now I can only stay at home, "complained about helplessly in the work of Lanzhou City Hall Ma Zhongguo authorities in the stadium site waiting for nearly 1 hours after.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; in Tianjin hospital Mr. Zhang for "terrorist" to describe the last year's "five one". He said, wanted to use the five one relax, can not think of relaxing the lack of local, family, friends and all things much more special, a toss also tired than go to work. Golden week I really was a bit afraid.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; changes in consumption concept played us a be taken by surprise
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Economic Research Institute of Gansu Provincial Academy of Social Sciences, Changan Jiang Lin "be taken by surprise" to describe our preparation for the golden week leisure ideas change shortage. He said: "when the government is still the number of tourists and tourism revenue, businesses are still happy to increase sales revenue of joyful, actually the public holidays has begun a transition."
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; reporter during the interview to understand, some people in the past a plurality of golden week, travel desire has been satisfied, no travel look forward to in the short term; and for shopping in addition to travel to play a great role in stimulating domestic demand factors, in the city group has gradually lost their appeal.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "press a root not thought what tourism, shopping, there are people everywhere, is to find their own sins," Lanzhou city public security organs in the work of Huang Guizhou said. In contrast, he is more willing to choose to be able to let oneself relax entertainment and leisure.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "and this is the issue of the need to pay attention to the signs. When the consumption of consumer demand has begun to change, whether it is from the stimulating domestic demand, or from the to the public to provide higher quality holiday life, government, businesses should be ready. Especially city management should from the symptoms of the trend of the early preparations, guidance."
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; golden week into leisure week, actually we are not ready.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; some members of the public and scholars regard the idea changes from gold thoughtful leisure week summed up in three sentences: do you want to, will not and can not. But from the current situation, more and more people have realized the first step, begin to hope to be able to live a more leisure, more comfortable golden week. And for the two step, the society and the city managers are not ready.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "golden week stem what, is not tourism, shopping, drinking and playing cards, or to accompany the elderly, meeting friends, then what else." Put forward for journalists in the government work of Zhao Xian's problem is obviously not prepared. His thoughts and many people, mostly confined to the tourism, shopping and some daily for work and other reasons can not achieve such things as to accompany the elderly.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "this is a human labeling consequences." An Jianglin said, golden week from the beginning of the establishment, on the one hand to meet the needs of citizens; but on the other hand, the government naturally or half unconsciously in the travel, consumption of the guidance, the golden week affixed with a "tag", focused on tourism, shopping and so on, it also makes some people thinking inertia, difficult to find suitable for their own consumption demand.
