Seventeenth golden week this painting of the period. The National Tourism Administration forecast as an authority previously, this year "five one" Golden Week tourism "blowout" home again, some hot tourist city and the scenic area to reproduce the golden week initial overcrowding, accommodation, meal to return difficult, difficult dilemma.
The national jiariban relevant person in charge said in an interview with reporters, the characteristics of this year "five one" golden week is the most prominent, this has been a slowdown in the domestic tourism "blowout" appeared again, quite a few spots appear exceeds optimal recieve a quantity of 100%, or even 300% of the situation. May 1st to 7, as part of the 116 national scenic spot monitoring (point) of the cumulative number of reception than the same period last year increased 12.9%, in addition to Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou and other major city growing, Shenyang, Wuhan, Chengdu, Zhangjiajie city growth rate in more than 20%.
In May 2nd, Beijing the Imperial Palace reception amount exceeds the maximum capacity of 2 times. Mount Wutai, Tongli Town, Dunhuang Mogao Grottoes, Potala Palace in almost all the well-known scenic spots in the 2 day to the 5 day peak is the emergence of the "full" "emergency" situation.
The national jiariban relevant responsible person analysis, the Golden Week "tourism blowout" phenomenon, not a repeat of the past, but that a new round of mass tourism consumption startup. According to their survey, the Imperial Palace, Mount Wutai and other places of tourists, about 70% is the first time to travel to these places. Because our country population cardinal number is too large, this situation may last for at least ten or twenty years, or even longer.
The Golden Week national tour again "blowout", also exposed the relevant aspects of underestimation of mass tourism continued growth in demand. An unavoidable fact is, although there have been questioned on the golden week system, and even called for the cancellation of the golden week, but more and more people are consciously in accordance with the rhythm of the golden week to arrange their own leisure life. Therefore, the relevant departments are more should think about how to perfect the system of golden week.