In new network on 7 May, the National Tourism Bureau website news, in late May 7th 7, the national holiday tourism coordination office issued the 2006 "five one" golden week Tourism Information Bulletin No. eighth.
2006 "five one" golden week has been completed. In the attention and the correct leadership of the Party Central Committee and the State Council under the direct command, in all levels of government, holiday coordinating agencies at all levels to seriously implement the work requirements of the State Council, the tourism golden week overall safety, work orderly, market have a larger growth, people enjoy a prosperous and happy, full of vigor and vitality of the holiday.
One, "five one" Golden Week tourism operation in general
(a) attaches great importance to the overall coordination, ensure the safety of
The golden week work deployment level, focused. According to the Political Bureau of the Central Committee General Secretary Hu Jintao in the thirtieth collective study speech made "safe development" important idea and to further understanding to ensure safe production of "extreme importance", at the end of 3 the national holiday office issued a notice to do "five one" Golden Week tourism work, focused on the deployment of tourism security; April 13th a special meeting of the State Council, the work of production safety is further requirements of the "five one" golden week safety; in April 30th, the general office of the State Council issued the "notice" on the comprehensive well five one "during the golden week of safety work". Reflected the Party Central Committee and the State Council on the high degree of concern and attention of people's life and property security during the holiday.
The national holiday tourism Buji coordination meeting of the member units and the central departments on one goal, cooperate actively, active work, hold in-depth, catch solid. The following main characteristics: one is the security work deployment check for tracking. The office of the State Council before the deployment of a comprehensive inspection depth, section summarize, emergency notice on the golden week later security work issued; railway, civil aviation, transportation and other departments for golden week before the late passengers concentrated return traffic pressure, the timely dispatch of emergency capacity; quality inspection administration to further strengthen the quality and safety supervision work during the holiday season tourism department; daily timely release of information retrieval, and effectively guide the visitors. Two are actively coordinate closely with all aspects. Provinces and municipalities to strengthen communication and coordination in the safety accident problem, resolve some contradictions and problems of trans provincial area; railway, civil aviation department on time and accurately submit information; Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee and the central civilization office in Golden Week tourism as the carrier, the deployment of spiritual civilization construction and Practice the socialist concept of honor and disgrace promotional activities; Chinese Meteorological Bureau timely the golden week daily meteorological analysis to each relevant department; Ministry of public security police special deployment, for the coordination of tourists flow big city and the scenic area has done a lot of work; tourism departments work closely with relevant departments to make all kinds of accident handling and complaints mediation work. Three is the government departments to enhance social service consciousness. The Ministry of foreign affairs and foreign consulate timely provide overseas security information for tourist service; CCTV and local TV stations and each big media and local media to provide travel information is very rich; meteorological information service full of concrete; Association put forward a number of travel warning. Work closely with various departments and active service coordination, ensure the smooth operation of the golden week.
The golden week overall security, good order. The occurrence of larger experience travel safety accident 11, a total of 19 tourists died (including 1 Holland tourists), 23 people were injured, 90 people were rescue. Among them, 4 traffic accidents, 14 people were killed, 20 injured; water activity of 2 accidents, 1 people were killed, 3 injured; desert adventure trapped 4 cases, 3 deaths, 90 people were rescued; fall accidents killed 1 people (Holland tourists). A prominent feature of the occurrence of safety accidents is non professional organization of individual travel activity increase, beyond the scope of the organization's security of tourists.
　　National holiday office has received various types of telephone 361, of which 255 telephone complaints, mainly concentrated in some of the attractions of the service quality of scenic spots, the hotel low service is not in place, the travel agency does not offer on service and traffic irregularity, remedial measures timely issues. Compared with previous years, the number of tourist complaints decreased after complaints, basic can be timely and effective treatment.
(two) the number of tourist reception and tourism revenue growth
Golden Week comprehensive statistical data in May 8th by the National Bureau of statistics and the National Tourism Bureau under the "" Golden Week "tourism information statistical investigation system" summarize. But according to into the national monitoring of the 39 cities and 116 direct reporting area (point) analysis of the operation situation, the golden week and will be a high growth. From the experience of 4 golden week five one, 2005 than in 2004, 2004 and 2002 than in 2002 than in 2001, the number of tourist reception rate were 18%, 19% and 17%; tourism revenue was 15%, 18% and 20%. This year is expected to five one golden week tourism number and travel income will be about 15% and 20% growth. From May 1st to May 7th, included 116 national scenic spot monitoring (point) of the cumulative number of reception than the same period last year the growth rate was 12.9%, the cumulative ticket revenue growth of 21.6%. As a regional analysis from 39 city monitoring and 29 scenic areas, Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou, Wuxi, Hangzhou, Xiamen and other major city sustained growth; Shenyang, Luoyang, Wuhan, Chengdu, Zhangjiajie, Guiyang, Zunyi, Pingyao, Mount Wutai, Mount Jiuhua, Wudang Mountains city and area of substantial growth, the growth rate in more than 20%.
(three) the comprehensive effect of holiday tourism obviously
"Five one" golden week, Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou and other large cities holiday tourism import and prosperous, led a comprehensive transportation, accommodation, catering, business, entertainment, tour and many other industries. Into the comprehensive tourism income of national monitoring of the 39 key tourist city of golden week five one of the more than 20000000000 Yuan, to an important role in the local economic development.
Pull the farmer is added close. A prominent feature of the golden week of rural tourism market is hot. A holiday to do judgment, the national tourist 1/5 directly to the rural peasant family activities. The golden week village tour organized. All closely around "2006 China Village Tour" theme year activities organization of rural tourism products, through the introduction of characteristics of the rural tourism line, provide public rural tourism guide to carry out promotional activities and be lively and vivid, increase market coverage. The rural tourism activity characteristic, honest and cheap, welcome visitors. Dalian city leaders comrades: Holiday Village Tour, citizens enjoy, farmer income.
Prosperity and cultural activities. The majority of folk activities and cultural activities are made by foreigners and tourists as the main audience and the main consumption. Each time the golden week everywhere on the introduction to adapt to the needs of the tourism market "cultural feast" and "folk" program "experience activity". This year, Yunnan Kunming International Culture Tourism Festival, will be almost all the province's folk custom and cultural activities are shown in the five one period; Shenyang World Expo becoming hot point; Guizhou rural culture led to Guizhou becoming prominent regional tourism growth unprecedented; Zunyi red tourism area and the long march culture is still a popular spot. A rough calculation over a variety of cultural activities not million. Thousands of activities, 10000 kinds of style, multi culture, sense of harmony.
Effect of neighboring countries and regions. Neighboring countries and regions are active coping, market forecasts, the weak links should be targeted for rectification, and I keep the golden week work synchronously. Holiday in Hongkong region of China and the Macao area and the office of Guangdong province closely predict the market, Hongkong to accept the lessons of the Spring Festival of Disneyland ticket has been adjusted; Macao to learn the mainland established Golden Week travel forecasting system; Thailand Pukki held the Chinese Golden Week preparations in five one before the golden week. These phenomena indicate that the Golden Week travel shock wave to neighboring countries and regions have a more profound impact.
　　Two, "five one" Golden Week tourism organization and coordination work
The national jiariban think, this year "five one" Golden Week tourism organization and coordination of work in the past sixteen golden week basis and new improvement:
(a) the local government attaches great importance to the leadership, departments to strengthen region
Party committees and governments at all levels attach great importance to Golden Week tourism safety work, mechanism of various departments and localities with the initiative has already been mature. Party committees and governments at all levels in accordance with the state office documents in April 30th "about the comprehensive well" five one "Golden Week" during the period of notice safety requirements of the work, the main person in charge of the command line, Sichuan, Guizhou, Hainan and other major leaders of the Party committee government commanded the holiday tourism; most of the tourist city Party committee and government main leadership has been personally foreman command; the main leadership of golden week in Chongqing Tianjin etc., continue in the area tourism safety inspection; Yichang, Chengdu, Qufu, Mount Lu and other city also held a mobilization meeting, golden week rally, extensive mobilization, attaches great importance to. Cooperate with various local departments to further strengthen: Hangzhou, Shenyang, Kunming city is a hot area of the Golden Week tourism, various departments cooperate guarantee tourists run smoothly; Shanghai, Heilongjiang, Guizhou, Jiangxi, Shandong, Yunnan, Hainan and other provinces and cities to the information collection and report timely and accurately; close cooperation, Hangzhou Xiamen, Shaoshan city and meteorological, telecommunications and other departments, through the tourism meteorological tips, tourism SMS way to provide services for the majority of visitors. Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Anhui, long promote barrier free tourism, regional tourism security situation made during the festival better overall; during the golden week in Beijing, Inner Mongolia, Yunnan and other regions in close cooperation, properly handle the tourism safety accidents.
(two) emergency preparation is more sufficient, further improve the emergency ability
According to the security requirements of the first, all localities to strengthen emergency preparedness, improve emergency response capabilities. Beijing starts three prevention and control programs to protect the holiday safety; the province such as Hubei and Guangzhou, Kunming and other city holiday office issued a special notice on strengthening the safety management work; Qingdao, Jilin (city) area in the preganglionic to established accident emergency plan to carry out emergency drills; Shenyang, Guang'an, Ruijin, Qufu, Jinggangshan area formulated or revised the major accident emergency plan. During the golden week, all of the new situation and new problems of quick reaction, Guizhou in heavy rain forecast immediate emergency notice, to avoid the occurrence of safety problems in heavy rain; Shandong organization dragnet type security check; Yunnan for the accident has happened quickly start emergency plans and issued safety emergency notice. In view of the heavy rain, traffic departments at all levels to open nearly 10000 Taichung short bus, adjustment passenger flight, timely repair damaged road. In the methods of safety management, all active innovation. Beijing, Guangzhou and other regions to do holiday to golden week coordination meeting as a platform, focus on resolving the tour, tourist vehicles and other difficult issues; Wuhan holiday office issued through the scenic area to the relevant departments safety advice rectification letter, organized the project security risks rectification coordination, effectively solved the problems related to work; evaluation of services and environmental quality in Beijing, Guangzhou, Chengde holiday office organization on the main scenic spot for tourists and sampling survey, master information. Guilin City Hall for accommodation problems tension emergency coordination, properly handle. Because all the emergency reaction ability and timely and effective measures, the golden week did not occur because of safety accident management appears.
(three) tourist oriented, strengthen the construction of spiritual civilization of industry
Local Party committees government requirements to golden week as the carrier to strengthen the construction of spiritual civilization; the tourism sector to firmly establish the tourist oriented consciousness, strengthen the construction of spiritual civilization of industry. Shaoshan city to launch the squid volunteer service group become the tourism golden week's sharp scenery line; area of Shenyang, Hangzhou, Wuxi, Suzhou, Qiongzhou, Guiyang, Mount Huangshan, Huashan, the mountain of flowers and fruit, Mount Jiuhua, Heng Mountain, Mount Emei and scenic spots have organized tourism volunteers to serve tourists; Huaguo Mountain, Qiandao Lake and other scenic spots provide free raincoat for tourists, reflected on the tourists concern; Jinggangshan as tourists issue of quality service convenience card; Beijing bus group of workers with the arm into a temporary platform "fence", in order to ensure the safety of waiting to Badaling team; Mount Emei launched the "visitors warm Engineering"; Qiandao Lake visitors timely send the tourist pier weather SMS and so on; Shanghai Mobile launched special operations, reduce costs for outbound tourists roaming mobile phone. These activities become a feature of the golden week, shows the new style industry.
Three, the existing problems and requirements
The golden week achieved satisfactory results, but the continued growth of the holiday market continuously put forward new requirements and tasks, work and problems need to be improved. The national jiariban spot checks found during the holidays, some places there are not on duty phenomenon during the holidays; general submitted to the security information in time, but there are also individual extension is reported and not reporting phenomenon. The national jiariban requirements do the following work in the future:
1, experience travel safety incident must be reported within 4 hours. All during the festival experience travel safety incident occurs, the first does not distinguish between the nature and the responsibility, must report on time. Responsibility and whether the nature belongs to tourism security, can be a follow-up report.
2, strengthen the public tourism safety information prompt, will have the information of adventure tourism region of high risk in the local information forecasting system. Prompt before the arrival of the peak summer travel.
