- USA economy hotel chain giant was founded in Shenzhen in partnership office and opened First House Hotel
Super 8 China 2006 April 28 announced in Shenzhen: Shenzhen area partner office in 8 Chinese and Shenzhen's first Super 8 Hotel opened its. Shenzhen is one of the Chinese open door to the world of the city economy, its development, high-rise buildings, the booming tourism industry known for.
"This is the Super 8 in Guangdong Province, the opening of the first franchise partner office hotel and the first area. It reflects our prospects for the development of Chinese South Econo Hotel market very optimistic "Super 8 Chinese president and chief executive officer, said Mr. bali. "Shenzhen is close to Hongkong, over the past thirty years, plays a key role in the economic development in Chinese. We believe that such as super Econo Hotel will play a leading role in Shenzhen's Hotel industry."
Super 8 Shenzhen area partner office Chinese will expand Chinese assist Super 8 service support and join in business. Since 2004 June, Super 8 first franchise Hotel opening, at present, there are already 55 house opened or will be opened Super 8 Hotel in 32 city in the China.
Super 8 China operation senior vice president Mr. Evans on behalf of the Super 8 Chinese attended Shenzhen area partner office and Shenzhen's first Super 8 Hotel opening ceremony. Attend the opening ceremony of the president and friends Delight Inn Chairman Mr. Wang Siliang and MS. Zheng Weiling Shenzhen city Turist Hotel association.
"The number of excellent domestic enterprises hope and Super 8 cooperation beyond our expectations," Mr. Evans said: "we are pleased to be able to choose the best partner, especially in Guangdong such an influential market."
"We believe more and more owners to join the Super 8 brands because: customers and owners are first felt Super 8 quality management mode, service support, and Super 8 global adhering to the 'clean, friendly, consistent standards' international standard." Mr. Evans went on to say.
"Very glad to have the opportunity and Super 8 such famous international Brand Company cooperation", Mr Wang Siliang said. "Quality management and operation system of our very identity Super 8, it will help our new shops in the hotel management to achieve the 'clean, friendly, consistent standards' internationalization standards play an important role in."
"Super quality of service, professional training and excellent management experience quickly spread among the owners." Mr. Bai Li said: "we are very pleased to see our owners opened a Super 8 Hotel, and opened second or even third Super 8 Hotel. Only in the new stores, through our rigorous training, hardware standard reached Super 8 standards and to obtain a permit to government related, we will allow them to officially opened."
At the beginning of this year, the Super 8 Chinese in the south of Xiamen, north of the main city Dalian and Shanghai opened partner office area, the city is the domestic and foreign well-known tourist city.