Xinhuanet.com Hainan channel on 7 May, (reporter Zhao Yingquan) 5, Hainan Airlines plane from Haikou Gallery - Hangzhou Gallery flight is delayed more than 3 hours, causing passengers strong dissatisfaction, occurred more than 100 passengers denied boarding event group.
According to Zhejiang Province, Lishui city and Shaoxing city passenger Zhu Zhurong Gallery Shan Bai said, in May 5th, Hainan Airlines flight HU7061 is scheduled to take off at eighteen thirty-five, the results due to mechanical failure, board the plane has been delayed for 1 hours, after several changes, 177 passengers at nineteen thirty-five Zuo Youdeng machine, the thought that can take off, the results until twenty thirty yet take off, many passengers couldn't endure, claim to airlines for. About 21 points to the airport lounge, HNA notification aircraft around 22 off, but passengers think, the plane was delayed for 3 hours not to get compensation, more than 100 passengers to get on board, to demand compensation in the airport.
Denied boarding passengers stranded in Hainan Meilan International Airport, Hainan Airlines did not promise to passenger demand compensation request. According to Zhu Zhurong said that Hainan Airlines representative Shi Xuewen to coordinate the matter, but did not promise to passenger demand compensation request. Passengers and Hainan Airlines to negotiate for more than 1 hours later, Hai Hang had promised to distribute mineral water and noodles. Only a half the passengers on the twenty-two thirty flight out of Hainan, without leaving passengers insisted on economic compensation, finally the Hainan Airlines only promised to Hangzhou passenger accommodation, not promised compensation for economic losses, the remaining passengers finally agreed to change the flight took off in May 6th.
According to the Hainan airlines to provide material shows, May 5th, flight HU7061 flight is late because of the weather, time of departure from 18:35 until 19:50. The implementation of the flight the plane arrives at the Meilan Airport in 19:00, 19:20 19:45 flight began boarding, close the hatch slid out, 20:13 aircraft fault slip back and start the next guest, but the passengers after the plane, refused on the ferry to return to the departure lounge, after staff encouragement, about 100 passenger car ferry back to far flight terminal, and more than 70 passengers still remaining on the tarmac, refused to return to the departure lounge. Because the passengers gathered in the plane around, influence of HNA locomotive cannot normal test. 21:00, on the tarmac by car ferry passenger finally return to the departure lounge. Noodles and drinks HNA for the entire allotted nearly 180 passengers for flight. 21:20, troubleshooting, flight begun boarding passengers, but was denied boarding.
Hainan Airlines said it was the scene of passengers made two requirements: 1, compensation 500 yuan / person. 2, for other aircraft the flight. But the rules of economic compensation does not meet the requirements of Civil Aviation Administration issued the "economic compensation for flight delays guidance" and HNA, another fault aircraft troubleshooting work done quickly, so it can not meet the demands of HNA passenger. In the meantime, ground service personnel of Hai Hang has been the scene and passenger consultation, strive to reach consensus, and through the use of broadcast and the site of a small horn airport non-stop for explanation and apology, 23:23, more than 60 passengers boarding already have been waiting for 2 hours on the plane, mood began to wave, and the aircraft and the subsequent flight task. The flight took off Hainan Airlines decided to weigh the advantages and disadvantages, attrition. Flight after take-off, 109 passengers not boarding began in the terminal with emotion, and the collective to gate 19, rob other passenger flights to allot noodles and beverage, beaten to stop the looting of the security personnel. After that, the number of passengers to accept the guidance of the staff, to the value of the counter claim baggage. Considering the actual difficulties of the passenger, Hainan Airlines agreed to provide free accommodation and free tickets to passengers, did not take place in 6 days, 02:30, all passenger tickets are handled endorse or refund.
In May 6th, about eighteen thirty-five, the passengers finally didn't get the economic compensation you want, have the opportunity to leave Haikou.
