Today is the last day, five one golden week in 2006 according to the Convention, and to summarize the time. Golden week summary of previous years, the media focus mostly on the inventory of golden week of economic benefits, proposes to change or even cancel the golden week proposal or accordingly. But this year's summary, media attention about had to focus on a number of accidents.
Every year during the golden week, the news media has always been regarded as "low season", but this year during the five one golden week, at least in Yunnan Diqing Gallery rollover accidents, Inner Mongolia Gallery Kubuqi Desert travelers were stranded in deaths and Lop Nor racing drivers missing, staff deaths, caused the high attention of the national media and audience. As a warning for the future of the accident, reflection, summary, should also will become the focus and hot this year golden week summary.
Of the three accidents, not only have occurred during the five one golden week, but also has another important common ground, which occurred in the remote tourist line, sinister, with exploration on means. Lonely, dangerous environment, not only make the probability of the accident is greatly improved, but also to the rescue after the accident brought great difficulties, the three incidents are death, fully illustrates this point.
It is worth noting, along with change of golden week system and the continuation of the concept of tourism, adventure, adventure, personalized tours, in the golden week of national tourism boom, plays an increasingly large proportion, some seemingly little risk of exploration or extreme sports, but may in the folk spontaneous organizations, because of bad organization, lack of experience, lack of support, this is not the accident, Inner Mongolia tourists trapped in Kubuqi Desert deaths and Lop Nor racing drivers missing, staff deaths, occurs in such circumstances. Over the years, during the golden week passenger traffic increased, have to China railway, highway, aviation passenger transport capacity, the reception capacity, bearing capacity and other attractions, posed a severe test, increasing popularity in the future even "non conventional tourism", and further to the tourist organization ability, ability of self rescue and tourism reception service, counseling and rescue ability, put forward a new test.
In recent years, the continuous public opinion calling for a rethink of golden week system, proposed to cancel the golden week, the generation by the arrangements made by the enterprise independent "paid vacation" system. If from the comfortable, convenient angle effective arrangement of resources and make full use of and the tourist point of view, paid vacation system rationality of course is far better than the golden week system, but from the actual situation in recent years, judgment, golden week system is difficult to see the possible cancellation. Through the introduction of more than ten years, the whole society on the golden week system has formed a certain degree of "dependency", not only the sense of "the most unbearable weight" of the tourism sector is firmly opposed to the cancellation of the golden week, even if the general public, the negative impact of side complaining about the golden week, while according to the rhythm of golden week, the arrangement and adjustment of their year of life. So in the next several years, each year three degrees flow, passenger flow, logistics, will also continue to appear, but with the emergence of various new forms of tourism, may every year there will be more potential accident risk exists, and may lead to the actual casualty accident, the whole society should be ready.