Five one Golden Week City Express News once a year draws to a close, in people and international tourism are anxious to get home, reporters yesterday from the province of the main transportation site understands, long-distance sleeper tickets in addition to civil aviation flight and train tickets individual constraints, other civil aviation, railway, highway passenger transport were not nervous.
Hangzhou Railway Station relevant source, the current long-distance still tight, especially in Beijing, such as the direction of Xi'an, even the seats are very difficult to buy, recommend through the other way round tripping.
Aviation: fly to Beijing very nervous
From Hangzhou Xiaoshan Airport to the ticket office said today, flying from Hangzhou to Beijing ticket most intense, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chengdu is a hot line, 8 days will be a little better. Other lines of the air ticket is loose, the minimum can get 60 percent off ticket.
Such as Hangzhou - Beijing 7 days after eleven thirty at noon: full price ticket, and only around 8 more votes; 8 day: the morning minimum of 20 percent off votes, the lowest of 40 percent off votes in the afternoon, at a minimum of 50 percent off votes. Hangzhou - Shenzhen 7 days: day 30 percent off votes, after 8 p.m. with 50 percent off votes; 8 days minimum can get 50 percent off - 40 percent off of tickets. Hangzhou - Chengdu 7 days, 8 days: 50 percent off votes.
The ticket office of Miss Chen said, from the ticket source, the South than in the north of the line to be "busy", because many of the passengers in order to avoid return peak, also choose other means of transport, therefore, compared with the previous five one, 7 tickets a little surplus.
In addition to remind passengers to pay attention, if the day to fly to Beijing and Guangzhou to buy the tickets are full price tickets, it is best to call (0571) 87918555 for consultation, because of not more early booking discount is higher.
Wenzhou airport than Hangzhou have deserted lot, no ticket to fly to Shanghai, Beijing tension phenomenon, Guangzhou direction of flight, today and tomorrow to fly to Beijing, Shanghai tickets have different degree of discount, such as the May 7th flight to Guangzhou for the lowest 50 percent off. From the ticket sales, all flights remaining tickets.
Railway: the long-distance sleeper not buy
"Yesterday, passenger flow has come down." Hangzhou Railway Station party office Dan Xiaochuan told reporters, five one golden week overall traffic than the same period last year increased by around 8%, many passengers afraid to play to the last home, in May 4th, 5 on the back, yesterday about 71000 passenger trips.
Although the peak passenger flow cooling, but long-distance passenger flow is very prominent, because many long-distance travelers finally a trip, always to the last one or two days to enjoy the home. To Beijing, Xi'an, Taiyuan Gallery, Zhengzhou Gallery direction of passengers are relatively concentrated, sleeper basic sold out, seat tickets are very tight. "Long distance if standing back also is really too tired, the passengers may choose other means of transport."
And short capacity is abundant, Zhejiang and Zhejiang near Nanjing, Suzhou, Wuxi tickets are not nervous. Investigate its reason, go to these places by bus is very convenient, coupled with the gradual rise of the self driving also divert a large number of passengers.
Look at the WenZhou Railway Station, the relevant responsible person said, in May 1st to 5 JCP send passengers more than 6.4 people, is expected to nearly two days will send nearly 30000 person time. In order to alleviate the Wenzhou to Shanghai passenger pressure, WenZhou Railway Station to five one period opened 5176 trains, the car start time is eight fifteen in the morning.
Similar to Hangzhou, Wenzhou to Hangzhou, Shanghai, Nanchang, Hankou, Guiyang ticket is very tense, train 5144 as to the direction of the Shanghai N534 and the direction of Hangzhou, 6 days, 7 days, 8 days, hard berth tickets have been sold out, bound for Hangzhou 5108 times, 5104 times the train 8 recently the sleeper has been sold out. Long booking is a lot of foreign university students reading in Wenzhou, taking advantage of the holiday to go home to visit relatives, the last day to return.
Road: follow along with buy back
Compared with the aviation, railway, go home by car is the most worry. Hangzhou east bus station duty station told reporters, from yesterday, the car passenger traffic has returned to normal, and the normal days almost, holiday passenger has basically been completed.
"As long as you come to the bus station take bus, you can be sure to go home, just wait will be less will issue." Duty station said, passengers can buy tickets to the day. In addition, look into Hangzhou from the passenger flow, less out of Hangzhou, go back to Shanghai passengers will be more, the afternoon to riders will be more.