- when the alarm is been stranded the personnel of a people already coma, and can only carry food and water to adhere to the second day at noon
27 years old female staff - IBM Beijing company has been pale, no spontaneous breathing, eye also not to light reaction. The medical staff rescue invalid, died in May 4th 5 sand
People - to remind the near future to Kubuqi Desert adventure travel, immediately stop the desert adventure
According to Xinhua news agency, May 5th, 55 desert adventure tourists trapped in Inner Mongolia city Erdos Gallery Kubuqi Desert, in addition to 1 IBM Beijing company of female staff were killed, the rest were rescued and returned safely. Inner Mongolia Gallery Erdos Municipal Public Security Bureau deputy director Yang Fushan tells the story of the previous rescue dangerous to reporters.
32 hours of the rescue of 13 College Students
In May 1st, about twenty forty, Inner Mongolia City Public Security Bureau Erdos Hangjinqi received a report: at 40 degrees north latitude, 108 degrees east longitude 33 points 29 points near the people trapped, which also know a trapped personnel mobile phone number. The trapped personnel has been a coma, and can only carry food and water to stick to the noon of May 2nd.
Hangjinqi Area Public Security Bureau and the trapped man made contact, that trapped 13 per capita for Tianjin University students, including 3 girls. They entered the Kubuqi Desert expedition in April 30th 17, May 1st in the afternoon a boy coma, unable to walk. Hangjinqi Area Public Security Bureau immediately deep in the desert night rescue activities.
When the vehicle to a distance of about 20 km to the trapped students, due to large and soft undulating dunes subsidence can not travel, search and rescue personnel had to stop the car, carrying food and water on foot to rescue trapped students.
By May 2nd 11, on-site search and rescue the police found 3 physical good students deep in the desert. As soon as possible to find other students, who arrived at the police decided not to back water and food to move forward.
After a period of time to search forward, rescue workers standing in the sand beam has can vaguely see 10 college students. In May 2nd 17 when make, sent Hangjinqi Public Security Bureau of the reinforcement finally with previously starting search team rendezvous. After nearly 2 hours of hiking, the reinforcement finally meet with students.
At this time the students all be tired out, some physical condition is very urgent. Police reinforcements immediately water, drugs and food distribution to the students the hands, after more than an hour of adjustment, we fumble together close to rescue vehicle, 24 PM, finally reached the parking.
The vehicle is returned on the way, cross-country car several times in the sand. In the desert tough walking more than 6 hours later, all the staff in May 3rd finally dawn five fifty, back to the Hangjinqi government seat. Thus, after continuous fighting Hangjinqi Area Public Security Bureau police 32 hours to rescue the trapped rescue mission, completed the desert Tianjin University students.
22 hours of the rescue of the 41 Beijing tourists
In May 3rd 16, the Public Security Bureau and Hangjinqi received alarm: in Hangjinqi territory of the Hobq desert distance alone expensive Tara town west of about 17 km, with a group of tourists lost the direction, and a tourist coma.
3 days 17 when, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Public Security Bureau Command Center conveyed the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau Bulletin: a spontaneous organization of individual tours were trapped in the Hobq desert, a group of 18 people at a latitude of 40 degrees 35 minutes east longitude 108 degrees 28 minutes, trapped; two groups of 12 in latitude 40 degrees 33 minutes, east longitude 108 degrees 31 minutes trapped, and a critically ill patients. At the same time, there are 12 people in the Hangjinqi alone expensive Tara town "island" wait for rescue. After determining the trapped tourists, a total of 42 people, including the first alarm the students of Tsinghua University.
The rescue team immediately decided to diverge: the first road rescue police on the 4 day at 2 in the morning, the first group of 18 people rescued from Hobq desert tourist attractions seven star lake.
By the Hangjinqi Public Security Bureau organized rescue caravan as the second way is been stranded the personnel location near. After the team doctor, only your Tara Town Center Hospital Dean Wang Guiliang diagnosis, was trapped, 27 year old female staff member of Beijing IBM company has been pale, no spontaneous breathing, eye also not to light reaction. The medical staff rescue invalid, died in May 4th 5 in sand.
With the number of outdoor explorers set foot in the desert began to increase in distress. Erdos Municipal Public Security Bureau deputy director Yang Fushan reminds, winter two season more than sand, visitors easily lost and endanger life. Visitors to go to what place, must be prepared to work, and the contact with the local public security departments. The expedition is walking on the high load condition, the explorers must have considerable stamina and willpower, usually weak, sickly person is best not to attend, so as to avoid the accident.
