Anhui Mount Huangshan not only to "Sanqi four no" natural scenery the world crown, moreover, is a business card of Anhui even China "". In order to let this beautiful "business card" to keep the charm of Huangshan City, through the development of peace Mount Huangshan construction and comprehensive management of social security, make Mount Huangshan for many years to maintain "security hill", "civilized mountain" reputation. Peace building is an outline of the beauty of Mount Huangshan, people and society harmonious landscape painting.
This year the Spring Festival, Tunxi District Committee of Huangshan City chess village director Li Xuewen had a particularly happy. Because the villagers New Year wishes a greeting: speak good village office. At the beginning of the year to become the first batch of national chess village democracy and the rule of law model village. Have the villagers understand the support, watched the villagers a year of abundance, see the village the next school stability and harmony, and his happiness index is climbed all the way.
This scene a few years ago I never thought, Li Xuewen told reporters bluntly path. He said the villagers 38 large lock village enterprises door to stories told reporters. One year, the village finally led to a collapse of investment contract Village carton factory, but the village civil prior knowledge, to the village two committees decided not to understand. Some villagers just a get a lock, with 38 large carabiner locked factory gate. Investors are gone, the village for the compensation of about one hundred thousand yuan.
Li Xuewen said, this matter a great shock on the village branch committee. They reflect think, even for the villagers benefit thing, don't let the masses to participate in the decision will do good thankless thing. Since then, the village actively implement democratic management, democratic decision-making, democratic supervision and other measures, all involved in the village set up major enterprise project investment, etc., to study both the four meeting and decided by the village branch of the two committees, branch of the general assembly, the villager congress, the villagers assembly. The villagers' right to know, right to participate into effect, not only let the similar occurrence with locks, lock the door would not and, more important is to open the villagers closed heart.
In the Mount Huangshan scenic area, you can not see your hand of tourism commodities traders stand on both sides of the road, pull the tourist sell goods; in the scenic spot, is not a boom around tourist souvenir scene. The provisions of the Mount Huangshan scenic area in Mount Huangshan scenic area, along the way are not allowed to start commercial stalls, not allowed in soliciting along the way selling.
However, last year there was one exception. A resident of Mount Huangshan station in the past a lot of tourists attractions, shouting, but no one to stop. Originally, he is not in selling goods, but looking for a travel package owner. The gallery on the north shore of Shexian called Wang Wenzheng town of villagers, the family is not rich, picked up the travel bag is 300000 yuan. He did not hesitate, immediately to the tourists passing the most scenic spots, and cried with a loud voice, find the owner. When the money over to the anxious owner of lost property, he went away, even the owner of the rewards are not received. Many visitors say his mind like Mount Huangshan is beautiful.
Huangshan City politics and Law Committee Deputy Secretary Hu Yingcai said, thanks to the tourism market in recent years Mount Huangshan comprehensive management work. Over the years, Mount Huangshan has always been to maintain public order in Mount Huangshan tourism as a priority among priorities, adhere to the four "clinging", namely: the Mount Huangshan important scenic spots of the comprehensive work cling to, the key to strengthen guidance and coordination; security environment on the regulation of Mount Huangshan city's tourism scenic spots cling to, timely organization carry out the "strike hard" special action and focus on remediation activities, crack down on entrenched in the tourism market and the evil forces of illegal and criminal activities; on the tourism traffic order management cling to, focus on outstanding issues unlicensed operation, disorderly competition, competition for passenger source, to cheat customer Zaike; closely related to tourism management keep public places of entertainment put, timely investigate gambling, prostitution, drug trafficking, blackmail and impose exactions on such illegal and criminal behavior, purification of Mount Huangshan tourism environment, ensure tourist in Mount Huangshan and the activities of the security. Around the promotion of ability of public security prevention and control, Huangshan City City Public Security Bureau to the command center as a leader, one "integrated alarm service as the hub with the" three Taiwan, with police based on the unified command, information sharing, rapid response, the dynamic peace order prevention and control system of cooperative combat basic formation. The public security organs at all levels to maximize the store to increase police street, street pavement has the alarm time and alarm density, enhanced the discovery, control and combat Street existing crime ability, effectively prevent and control the theft, robbery, night road street fight cases. Combined with the community around the township zoning and layout adjustment, the timely establishment of perfect security defense, Dageng sentry, guarding the village forest, ten households, residential security defense, nursing building house, the security team of volunteers and other forms of mass organizations, formed a special group of public security network combination. At present, Huangshan City has a total of comprehensive management of social security model township (street) 41, safe and civilized village 976, safe and civilized district 372, create rate reached 36.6%, 84.9% and 88.7%.
Mount Huangshan natural and rich historical and cultural heritage, but most of them scattered in folk, how to protect these resources of human civilization, is one of the difficult problems. However, occurred in a case of Yixian County Xidi is tree into the protection of historical and cultural heritage of the warning signs. Three years ago, the villagers soup a housing because of disrepair, wall cracks, after approval of the application for repair. But the soup a unauthorized Housing wooden frame and the west, north of two wall removed, the results for intentionally commits the crime of damaging relics was sentenced to imprisonment for one year. 
