Recently, Mount Huangshan and a number of other well-known attractions announced that, from June 1st onwards, raise ticket prices (May 4th, "the Beijing News"). This news release, immediately lead to a voice, many people said, many of the current spot prices have exceeded the affordability of the ordinary family.
However, at the same time, the national holiday office news release, said many sites across the country to appear "full", such as the the Imperial Palace tourists more than 10 people, more than the maximum capacity of two times. This overload "pick up", not only the existence of security risks, the attraction itself also has the danger of over use.
If just stand in the economic perspective, the fare increase "the excellent situation full" in the passenger flow, the basic trend, like the law of value. If coupled with the protection of scenic spots for environmental reasons that, through price increases to limit passenger flow, thus time for a little rest for attractions, more reasonable prices.
But against the price of reason also fully -- and many countries in the tourism consumption tickets cost only accounts for 30% of our country compared, tourism consumption tickets cost ratio has reached 70%. that is to say, the relative price of our attractions already high, but also to rise, irrational. Moreover, the attractions are mostly national public resource, since it is a public, not purely to seek profit for the purpose of.
To solve this problem, I think the best way is to impose reasonable tourism resource tax. Because, attraction is the national resources, you use, profit, they should be rewarded for the country -- pay taxes to the state. But the state will this part of income is used to improve the public welfare. So, those who for some reason not to enjoy these attractions of the people, but also by the public welfare improving indirect profit, manifests the public welfare of public resources. In fact, get their own rights and interests from the scenic spot resources, in itself should not be limited to visit a in the field of tourism.
If we can impose reasonable tourism resource tax, prices can play a very good role in the rational, and resolve the unreasonable effectiveness. Because the price must be the number of visit control, eliminate the "negative problem of full". At the same time, attractions and appreciation for "price", can make the corresponding increase in tourism resources tax. The relevant departments in charge of the attractions not only profit, we can also share the benefits. (Zheng Shanhai)