(reporter Zheng Chenghai) travel, board and lodging expenses is not a small expenditure. However, reporters found that today travel back people in the square the long-distance bus station, many people travel is unexpectedly "freeloader" -- they and green tourist house exchange vocation, for both sides during the travel period saves a lot of cost.
According to Mr. Lee tour bus had left the introduction, before the golden week, he and his wife intend to take their children to Hangzhou tourism, but he asked after the discovery, a family of three living costs is not a small expenditure. Coincidentally, he learned from the alumni who was working in Hangzhou as a schoolmate at college during the golden week to take my family to Qingdao for a holiday, is not looking for a suitable "stayed" worry. Mr. Lee with classmates on the phone: fit in easily with you to live in my house, I lived in your house. In May 1st, Mr. Li and rushed to the Qingdao students to exchange keys, went straight to Hangzhou each other's home. The bus station has encountered more than 10 such as Mr. house exchange vocation citizen journalists, in the train station.
Vacate travel really can save money? Through the house exchange vocation spent a few days in Shanghai citizens MS Wong calculated brushstroke Zhang to the reporter: if in the travel agency organization "five Tour", is on tour and costs associated with various way, spending at least 2000 yuan, and basically is "to glance over things hurriedly". But she and transferred to work in Shanghai old colleagues conducted wards after travel, not only saves the cost of accommodation in Shanghai, having a meal also is in the old colleague home "cook", travel all costs 5 days is not more than 1000 yuan in Shanghai, and "the place to visit the basic around times". She says, this year National Day period, she plans to find a friend in Beijing house exchange vocation.
The current wards tour is still limited to relatives and friends or acquaintances, or through Acquaintances "match" twinning. In this regard, Shandong yuan Ding law firm lawyers believe house exchange vocation is single, as citizens can save not a small expenditure, but the mutual trust between the new way of tourism by friends, acquaintances to contract, there are certain risks.