Go on a journey after the four major:
The elderly travel;
The elderly with preschool children travel;
Flexible working time larger white-collar;
People take some time off after the holidays to work overtime.
(reporter Wang Fei correspondent Tang Qiting, Pan Tingting) today is the last day of golden week, will enter a period of more than a month of travel off-season, each line prices also fell sharply. Travel in the army returning tide concluded at the same time, also ushered in a public festival travel peak.
"Select" Festival Walk 'and' Festival Walk 'more and more people, so that this year's golden week five one turned into a' gold month "," President Zheng Hong told reporters in Guangzhou area travel agency association.
Travel abroad prices diving
After the golden week, part of domestic tourism line hitting historic lows similar lines, such as six days in Shandong delegation to participate in the Qingdao Gallery cherry festival 2590 yuan; Xinjiang Gallery, Turpan Tianshan Tianchi five days, Qinghai Xining Gallery, Yinchuan five days only 3498 yuan, than during the golden week fell into three.
Travel prices will sharply diving in the festival, according to travel agencies, five one during the registration of the state Hokkaido 7 day tour, the quoted price is 11580 yuan, and after five one, but cheap 2000 yuan, only 9580 yuan; and as the Sun City five-star luxury eight day group, five one period is 13980 yuan, five one a straight line is 12980 yuan, price of 1000 yuan; "ANZAC happy ten days" five one quoted price is 16980 yuan, 14980 yuan starting May 17th, dropped 2000 yuan. Most Africa swims circuit section is not cut.
Members of the public favored Festival travel train group
Five one golden week "Dawang" train group, because of affordable, Festival travel citizens have to still favored.
Compared with the plane group and train group, prices are generally about twice as expensive, such as East China line, more than 6 days the plane group prices in 2000 yuan, "small East Nanxun town twin seven day" train group, only 998 yuan. According to some travel agencies, at present they launched the postganglionic train group, has been booked more than 70%.
The current post out to four kinds of people, including the elderly travel together; the elderly with preschool children travel; white-collar flexible working time larger or unemployed in home's female; and some holiday to fighting in the frontline service industry, individual industrial and commercial households, not to stop operation of the enterprise of the relevant staff, postganglionic time travel.
&amp;nbsp;