At the end of 2006 3 to 4 month, in the Chinese largest outbound tourism exhibition -- Shanghai World Expo tourism resources, Japan related institutions in propaganda. Along with the "five one" golden week is coming, many China tourists out of the country, began their trip abroad. China golden week not only makes the domestic tourism market climax, also has created opportunities for foreign tourist industry. The Spanish EFE reported a few days ago, the golden week 3 times a year for domestic and foreign tourists brought opportunity. In 2005, Chinese travel up to 1200000000 passengers, 32000000 outbound visitors. The "Asian giant" is already the world's biggest domestic tourism market. By 2020, Chinese will become the world's fourth largest tourist export country. As with other countries in tourism in the world, the West
Spain wants from Chinese visitors to a significant increase in. But to achieve this goal, must have to have special talents Chinese reception and opened to tourists through the route Chinese conditions.
China tourists all over the world
The Pyramid of Egypt, the Nile and South Luxor valley of the kings, Wang Hougu and so on, are China must to visitors, a mysterious sense of infinite and attractive. Reporter in the interview that, "five one" during the golden week to the number of tourists in Egypt Chinese relatively stable. Because now Egypt the weather is getting hot, not the best season of tourism. In the former Pyramid, a pair of young couples Chinese excitedly told reporters, they grew up on the Pyramid feel excited, and now finally have got one's wish, feel like in a dream. A foreign invested enterprises in the Chinese man said: "Ma Tai I have ever been to, also often go to Europe on business, but the feeling is still in Egypt more mysterious, exciting, will have the opportunity to also want to come back."
This year three or four months due to the political upheaval in Thailand, many tourists have canceled planned. So, this year "five one" during the golden week tourists to Thailand China not many. Thailand tourism bureau director Jutama Syd in the "five one" before the special with new lines and various discount to Shanghai to engage in activities, attract tourists Chinese. Reporter in April 30th before turning back to Thailand specially to Chinese bank Beijing branch about the baht exchange situation. Usually the baht currency is upset, but especially this few days for people. And the reporter with machine of a Hongkong couple said: "last time, HK $1 to change to 5 baht, now only 4 baht more."
Just like foreigners to China can not visit the Imperial Palace, located in the old city of Bangkok's Grand Palace, came to Thailand to foreign tourists will go to the attractions. "Five one" golden week second days, the reporters came to the king's palace, a man named Parati was excited about Chinese announcer visitors, he used not very fluent Chinese said with a smile: "China most tourists, is No.1, followed by the Japanese and South Korean tourists. I am an English interpreter, but too much China visitors, I have to learn chinese."
The India Times Travel Company Limited General Manager Riga Nayar said, China visitors to the India tourism in general there are 3 lines: the first is the northern India Golden Triangle amusement; second is the Buddhist holy land tour; third is the southern India water village tour. She said, the company in recent years to receive an average of no less than 30 China tours, China tourists like to see the most is India mysterious cultural diversity, then the natural scenery. The 72.56 metre high qutab minar is highest in India Guta, is a Hindu culture and Islamic culture blend of architecture. In the scenic area, the reporter encountered a group of tourists from Shanghai. The team leader Ms. Wu told reporters, in recent years, India Chinese tourists in particular, especially during the Spring Festival and national day, entry to India tourism telephone hasn't stopped ringing all day. "Five one" period, India's weather is very hot, wear a shoe to not let people walk in Taj Mahal, Dali [] the stone floor gallery like stepping on a brazier, not many tourists. Nevertheless, to India tourism Chinese or a lot more than before, according to Mr. Zhu China Eastern Airlines India office introduction, 3 years ago in the "five one" during the flight from Beijing to New Delhi half the seats were empty, now, is not to "five one" the flight is full, the most of the passengers are to travel.
¡¡¡¡Countries ready for more Chinese tourists
China officially launched the outbound tourism began in 1997, when the number of outbound trips for 5320000, and in 2005 reached about 31000000 person times. Facing with the rapid growth in the number of tourists Chinese, countries have shown great enthusiasm, make every attempt to attract tourists China.
French tourism and service industry is very understanding Chinese holidays, during the golden week, will prepare in advance. The new year, have the person to a plethora of China visitors presented with "May you be happy and prosperous!" and "Happy New Year" and other words of the souvenir of Eiffel Tower. "Five one" period, China visitors receive is the French May Day -- Ling orchid flowers. Not only the national tourism agency to Chinese tourists is very concerned about the place, is true. In order to provide a better environment of tourism, Rouen opened a special Chinese website, el - Vilaine government is also prepared to set up the office responsible for the tourists and China affairs.
Since 2004 the European open the door to the Chinese tourists, tourists number China grow with each passing day. According to statistics, the French government agencies, at present Chinese visitors not only in number has surpassed Japan and American, as Europe's largest foreign tourist group, consumption capacity has exceeded the two countries of the tourists. In 2005, to the French Chinese tourists reached 600000 passengers, is expected by 2008, will reach 1000000 people. Eiffel Tower, Le Louvre Museum, Champs Elysees street, Notre Dame de Paris, Triumphal Arch and Moulin Rouge are China tourist place to be. Some of the streets of Paris now basically become Chinese duty-free shop, where many shops are run by Chinese, if the French open shop, Nive out of ten have Chinese salesman.
On the reception of tourists in Egypt Chinese very seriously, in Pyramid and other major attractions, not only with Chinese version of the guide book, and said Chinese Egyptian guides are also more and more. The Egyptians recognized, Europe, USA is mainly tourists their source, but these countries basic tourism market is saturated. Is the use value of the enormous potential of China tourists, Egypt was increased to attract China tourists efforts.
The Japanese government proposed the "sightseeing establishs a country" strategy, will China listed as the country's most important source of tourists, and to take various measures to attract tourists Chinese. Last year, Japan fully open Chinese tourist group tour. The Spring Festival in 2006, is located in the foothills of the Japanese in Fuji "Fuji paradise" held a special activities for the Chinese visitors, and tourists to celebrate the spring festival. Japan's many tourist attractions are set up Chinese logo, and with a Chinese interpretation and broadcast, some for foreign tourists duty-free shops or shopping centers also hired Chinese speaking waiter and miss shopping. Although Japanese place names are basically used Chinese characters marked, but Tokyo and other major city subway station or add a simplified Chinese sign. In addition, Japanese financial institutions also actively with Chinese banking cooperation, has UnionPay bank card China currently in major Japanese restaurants and shops of bankcard consumption.
An official with the India Tourism Department said, last year to India to China tourists have more than 5 people, though really is worth mentioning compared to this figure and a population of about 1000000000, but still more than a few years ago has increased many times. India Tourism Minister Chowdhury recently said such a sentence: "India tourism Chinese is a potentially huge market, we should try various devices to get Chinese tourists attracted." India tourism department held the "India road show" and "India Tourism Seminar" recently in China, in Chinese media huge amounts of money to do tourism advertisement, tourism Handbook issued to the travel agency, and is trying to set up a representative office in Beijing.
Foreigners in the eyes of the Chinese tourists
¡¡Egypt "delta" travel agency deputy general manager Ahmad told reporters that the Chinese people gave them a gentle impression, show Oriental temperament. However, some people think Chinese tourists "stingy", tips to the less, and some people even do not give. Japanese general impression of China tourists is also good, think they are purchasing power, to promote Japanese consumption, but part of Chinese tourists loudly in public places as well as individual tourists littering, spitting and other uncivilized behavior also has some views.
The outbound travel is expensive, so China citizens outbound tourism most belong to the high consumption group. Their consumption ability to let "people fashion capital" Paris shocked, the manager of a hotel in the centre of Paris said: "Chinese visitors to France, is a big business for us, but travel time arranged too hasty, we lost a lot of opportunities. China visitors to sleep on the train, get off camera, a bit not picky, but they buy luxury rich strength let us very surprised." Some people specially coined the phrase: Chinese tourists awesome body, just off the plane to take pictures, eat not to pick up early and went to bed late, high-grade goods sell out of stock. 7 days 10 country, 2 hour swim Le Louvre Museum, other attractions to get a half day, after dinner at their own expense to go to Moulin Rouge, one day you can travel all over Paris, it sounds incredible in the foreigner. A pair of European travel married the young man told reporters: "this is when to exercise the body, never again with a mission to the."
Head of Egypt's "stars" of the travel agency said: "last year to Egypt China tourists about nearly ten thousand people, although the number is not many, but the rapid growth. Chinese tourists like edge travel shopping, many people buy a lot of papyrus, Pyramid model, copper and gold and silver jewelry, which greatly stimulating the local consumption. "Delta" travel of the deputy general manager Ahmad said: "Chinese tourists, especially the public groups to, often high-grade hotel, is fastidious the ostentation, it can be said that has made no small contribution to the development of the tourism industry in Egypt, the Egyptian people living nearby the scenic spot so much improved."
A report of the Federation of India industries showed increased Chinese tourists to India five star hotel occupancy rate is greatly improved, Chinese tourists like to buy a lot of the arts and crafts of India, to the economy of India is a great pull. *
The newspaper in Thailand, Egypt, India correspondent Ren Jianmin Huang Peizhao Ren Yan newspaper in Japan, France Zhang Lixia special correspondent Tang Huiying newspaper special correspondent Wang Xi