Today citizens to enter the peak, according to the forecast period of golden week there will be the city of millions of people out of Beijing tourism. The first travel peak of golden week, from yesterday afternoon continues to this day. Capital airport flight on average less than one minute to landing a plane, far more than the usual flight frequency. According to the Capital International Airport said, this afternoon, the airport flights will drop, to 7 daily passenger flow will rise again. And the airport is same, start from yesterday afternoon, the city of Beijing Shijiazhuang, Beijing, Beijing Shenyang Expressway, Badaling also appears to be very busy. And the past traffic flow import and equilibrium is different, the morning traffic is mainly concentrated in the direction of the city traffic, an increase of at least three into than usual.
The reporter understands, this year golden week no matter domestic travel or outbound tourism hotline, most rose by 20% to 30%. However, this price will not last too long, from the day after tomorrow, travel prices will begin to dive.
The CITS domestic tourism staff told reporters, domestic tourism line in Yunnan line, the largest decline, starting May 1st, the Kunming Dali, Lijiang Shuangfei double lie six days to swim the quoted price is 4900 yuan, in May 3 daily regiment of the price to 3700 yuan. While the Kunming CYTS, Xishuangbanna, Lijiang, Dali to fly four twin eight day tour, starting May 1st May 4th price of 5980 yuan, the price is only 4820 yuan.
In addition, after five one outbound travel also has the price of different amplitude, the China International Bali Island swim the quoted price is 5580 yuan, while after five one, the same products but will be cheaper and nearly 1000 yuan. The essence of 9 day tour of Australia in April 30th May 4th of the quoted price is 13800 yuan, 12800 yuan, and after May 15th 11800 yuan.
The personage inside course of study expresses, postganglionic products from both the airlines, tourism scenic area (spot), Gaestgiveriet Hotel, travel agency are to launch the corresponding preferential policies, so prices will fall sharply. Conditions were the best choice for tourist zone, because not only the price is attractive, and a range of reasonable, let everyone have fun. (reporter Xiong Yan Wang Junhua)
