Xinhuanet.com Hohhot April 30th Mar (Zhang Lina) 29 days afternoon, the Inner Mongolia Meteorological Bureau held a conference call of meteorological information, this year "five one" during the golden week Inner Mongolia around the overall weather sunny, big area of sandstorm weather is unlikely, temperature appropriate. Will most parts of the 4 day and 5 day the emergence of a rare spring rains, suitable for travel.
"This year 'five one' period only local area may appear slightly dust, 4 day and 5 day precipitation inhibited the occurrence of sand and dust weather in Inner Mongolia in recent years, this is a rare good weather 'five one' golden week." Inner Mongolia meteorological station deputy head Kang Ling said in an interview with reporters. According to the briefing, Inner Mongolia "five one" during the golden week weather:
In May 1st, the greater part of the autonomous region of fine weather, the highest temperature in the Midwest, the lowest between 25 to 30 degrees Celsius temperature between 8 to 13 degrees Celsius; the highest temperature in the eastern part of the lowest, between 13 to 20 degrees Celsius temperature between 0 degrees Celsius to 7 degrees celsius.
In May 2nd, parts of northeast Inner Mongolia rain or snow, most areas of the autonomous region of about 5 on the Richter scale westerly, part of a larger area of North Central; the highest temperature in the Midwest, the lowest between 27 to 32 degrees Celsius temperature between 10 to 15 degrees Celsius; the highest temperature in the eastern part of the lowest, between 12 to 19 degrees Celsius temperature of 1 to 8 degrees celsius.
In May 3rd, most of the area of Inner Mongolia around 5 level westerly, part of the larger area of North Central, dust weather in parts of the Midwest may have a small range; the highest temperature, the lowest in the central western region between 28 to 33 degrees Celsius, the temperature is between 11 to 16 degrees Celsius; the highest temperature in the eastern region in between 15 to 22 degrees Celsius, the lowest the temperature in the 3 to 10 degrees celsius.
In May 4th, the central area of Western China, Inner Mongolia cloudy to sunny, with a small shower and small to medium showers; the rest is given priority to with the fine; most autonomous regions 4, 5 level southerly winds.
In May 5th, in East Central Inner Mongolia area clear to cloudy, with light rain, rainfall in southern parts of Eastern too large; most autonomous regions 4, 5 level southerly winds; and parts of the Midwest may have slight dust.
In May 6th, some areas in the northeast of Inner Mongolia have small showers; most autonomous regions 4, 5 level southerly turn 5 northwest wind, the temperature dropped to 6 degrees celsius.
In May 7th, most areas of the autonomous region is given priority to with the fine, 4, 5 level westerly. (end)
