&amp;nbsp;
What is "the perfect holiday"
Compere: each netizen, hello! Welcome to Sohu guests chat room.
The long-awaited five one finally came, presumably you netizens have plans of their own, and today we have invited to the "for your service" producer ha Tsung teacher, and "the charm of the new partner," fourth Song Pengfei, tell us about their plans, have a look how they had a perfect holiday, if the users have what idea can communicate with us about, or thinking about "the perfect holiday" the new, or the new scheme, can make a communication with our guests.
First please ha teacher introduce "the perfect holiday".
Ha Tsung: "the perfect holiday" is not aimed at five one, and this year we are a large a tourist route selection, from five one until the end of the year award, from the national many interested in this respect to play home, travel agencies, such as travel, there are a number of institutions, they put some line their previous experience or his own new design line, experienced yourself or have not experienced the recommendation out of their own design good line to us, we assess, and then a rating out finally in all line schemes were selected finally sent ten gold line, is the 2006 top ten lines the selected, this is our this activity probably thought.
"For you" column producer ha Cong
Moderator: I remember last year also have such activity?
Ha Chung: ever had, for the first time. Line selection whether we this column is the first time in our country's TV this selection was also the first time in other media is also the first time.
Moderator: the "perfect holiday" the column group intention is what kind of?
Ha Tsung: column group that, before we are "a sub section for your service" under the. So we make this intention, we made our program is recommended to everybody, where the fun, where to play, we are very subjective to recommend. Now we want to turn, we are always subjective before, actually we don't know we need exactly, but also want to through this selection would like to know what you need, want to know your travel is what kind of, to tell us, we recommend it to the audience. In fact, we are to build a platform, the subjective into objective things, is the source of all, and then tell you, is such an idea, this idea is.
Host: what do you think the holiday is the perfect holiday?
Ha: why the name "cong" perfect holiday? In fact, "the concept of the perfect holiday" a lot of people is not the same, is a very broad, not many people travel is the perfect holiday, the perfect holiday resort in different ways, but this time we in order to selection combined with our own column, we get it locked in tourism, because we are a tourist column, so we locked in tourism, the concept is relatively narrow, I is the tourist routes, travel for, like a good tourist routes can offer you a perfect holiday, is this concept, the real perfect holiday the concept is very broad.
I understand the perfect holiday, many of our previous investigation before, especially some programs to interview many stars, many of the audience, they also asked the concept of the perfect holiday, a lot of people are not the same, and the individuals are not the same. For example, we talked to Li Yong, like my day so busy with my daughter for a couple of days, no one disturb, close the phone, this is the perfect holiday.
There are stars feel the perfect holiday to seaside, no job disturb.
We also went to the countryside to survey all the concept of the perfect holiday, some people say I can visit Tiananmen, because the former remote local farmers have come to Beijing, so he felt that we could go to Beijing to see Tiananmen is very perfect.
Some whim to foreign countries of Paris, where there.
Comprehensive factors in me the perfect holiday,, way is not important, the key is felt, for their own I think is the perfect holiday.
Moderator: that everyone will have a different concept of each.
Pengfei feel perfect standard is what?
Song Pengfei: I feel ha teacher just said is meaningful, everyone has a different understanding of things, in fact, the key is to enjoy the holidays, you find a quiet place, read a book in a small yard, this is a holiday, do not necessarily make a sightseeing tour, just enjoy the holiday is the perfect holiday the. Of course we this may for some outdoor tourism line.
Moderator: we go back to the travel, enter the column begins from you, you to the tourist crowd contact realize tourism in the vast crowd concept of their own cognitive or their own have some change? In previous years, and now, when people choose to travel, how has he changed understanding?
Ha Tsung: because we do show contact this aspect more content, the change before a lot of people say s, this is a characteristic of Chinese tourism more prominent, is said to follow the group registration, now most people travel in some ways such as now, whether ordinary people or white-collar, some people, they the first thought is how to s