Xinhua press "five one" golden week ended yesterday. From the statistical data of Nanjing [library] City Tourism Bureau and the Bureau of statistics, the main index this year "five one" Golden Week tourism once again hit a record high. Seven days, Nanjing received 2740000 tourists trips, growth of 22.3% over the same period; implementation travel income 1895000000 yuan, year-on-year growth of 25.2%, income 380000000 yuan. The city's tourist record attendances and tourism income of both renewable Nanjing the previous golden week.
Golden week, the reporter intercept different time for different object, investigation interview were, on the whole golden week tourism of the inventory of a full range of.
The number of tourists increased peripheral short-term
Data: the seven day holiday, the number of Nanjing travel resort to more than a million, of which the surrounding attractions reception number has been released: Lishui Fujiabian agricultural science and technology garden of sightseeing tourists every day in more than a thousand people, Jiangxin Island seven days attracted 40000 visitors, Pukou shuaiqi farm every day the number of tourists year-on-year growth of 30%, Ba Gua Zhou reception 20000 tourists, is 1.5 times the same period last year, Taurus Lake hosted 21000 tourists, Pukou pearl spring tourist resort area 120000 tourists, Laoshan Forest Park received nearly 20000 tourists, Gaochun Yao Chi Shan Zhuang and Yinghu Taoyuan reception amount exceeds 50000 people.
Analysis: this year "five one", the number of outbound tourism, domestic tourism will increase over the same period last year, especially around Nanjing attractions due to traffic, service facilities and gradually improve, put a lot of tourists to stay in a local. On the other hand, the modern people leisure way diversification, spent one or two days for local travel or short trips, other time can also participate in the fitness, Kandie, Internet and other activities, are all foreign travel more rich than the whole holiday.
As the year "Nongjiale" fast rise, people flow to the suburban rural become "five one" Golden Week tourism hot.
The scenic area tourist numbers and then climb high
Data: "five one" for seven days, the main tourist attractions of Nanjing garden visitors received a total of 4250000 points, a 24% increase over the same period last year. Some new scenic spots also ushered in a wave of passenger flow, the Green Expo Garden "five one" during the reception of visitors to break through 140000 person time, Olympic sports center daily flow of about 15000 people, read Jiang floor of 56000 tourists trips.
Analysis: a large number of tourists flock each big scenic areas, scenic spot ticket income earned a great, close to the daily passenger flow saturation to the service level also put forward higher requirements, the basic attractions to let visitors satisfied. Even so, some hot spots or overcrowding, play quality decline can hardly be avoided. From the statistics, holiday, major scenic tourists accounted for 8 into above, 20% local visitors actually can also be other attractions to choose suburban holiday.
With the tour group travel again to reduce the proportion of
Data: the travel group travel for 54000 people, meet the group 68000 person time, than the same period last year have grown significantly.
Analysis: because more in place tourist attractions for tourists to provide services and facilities, transport, accommodation, catering more convenient, tourists not to follow the team also can easily travel, won't have too much inconvenience to glance over things hurriedly; play to make each of the spots are not careful viewing experience, this and modern people love to remain free, the pursuit of comfortable travel preferences have does not adapt.
Econo Hotel into a self-help tourists preferred
Data: "five one" period, the Nanjing tourism Star Hotel average room occupancy rate in more than 80% rooms, the turnover number and utilization is maximized, in addition to preganglionic group booking, hotel reservation and moderate individual room market demand basically consistent, Hostel Haus am Turm basic at the optimum reception status.
Analysis: with the tourism market power, require visitors to the tourism comfort higher, high-end tourists and luxury tour more and more, so the Stars Hotel can also share a piece of golden week tourism. And the 100 yuan price, service standardization of the Econo Hotel, in recent years become a lot of self-help tourists preferred.