"Five one" golden week, Wudalianchi [library] scenic area ushered in the peak tourist.
The reception number doubled over the same period last year.
Reporter Si Hanke perturbation
Spring returns to the good earth., flowers Chuzhan, Heilongjiang surging vitality. According to the provincial Holiday Office statistics, "five one" golden week my province welcomes domestic travel
Passenger 1796000 person time, domestic tourism income of 808000000 yuan, compared with the same period last year growth of 6.02% and 9.2%; the reception of inbound tourists
18500 passengers, tourism foreign exchange earnings of $5520000, compared with the same period last year growth of 12% and 15%. No security key tourism golden week
Accidents and tourist complaints, the key tourist city and major scenic spots of laughter, orderly, this year "five one" Golden Week tourism is
Show the following characteristics:
Golden Week heat in advance
Golden Week heat appeared in advance is the feature of this year "five one" golden week is the most prominent.
Although in our province this year the temperature is lower than in previous years, but because of the provincial tourism departments at all levels to advance market preheat and propaganda, Golden Week tourism city
Field has not affected, but more than in previous years, and the pre fire up.
In order to fully enjoy the Spring returns to the good earth. leisure comfortable, all citizens have to avoid peak travel golden week in advance. Since mid April, and out of my
Province of tourists increased significantly, Wudalianchi and Zhalong Nature Reserve [library], Mudanjiang Lake Jingpo, advance ushered in foreign large Brigade
Swim team. Harbin Taiping International Airport passenger transport more than 8000 passengers, 35% more than last year.
The hot trend of golden week continues and more unpopular in the "five one" period. According to the Provincial Tourism Bureau of industry management office director Wang Hongguo introduced
, "five one" period, the province a number of travel agencies organized more than 100 of the team I tourism, tourists to Russia, South Korea, Southeast
Asia and Taiwan, Hubei, Liaoning, Sichuan, Chongqing and other places mainly. This year's Golden Week travel agency groups flat with the same period last year. North
Beijing, Shenyang, Qianshan, Dalian, East China five city and other short-term travel relatively unpopular, because TV plays and the well-known domestic Shanxi Qiao family courtyard Brigade
Tourism line rise, register visitors enthusiastically; long term swim in