[today] daily reports (Xinhua correspondent Lu Zhao Wen) according to the statistics, "five one" during the golden week, the province a total of 9924900 tourists trips, grow 19.4% compared to the same period in 2005; implementation travel gross earnings 7093000000 yuan, grow 24.1% compared to the same period.
Compared with the previous "five one" golden week, our province tourism market has the following characteristics: one is the holiday tourism coordination mechanism effectively. After the golden week before the 16 test, our province has formed a set of more perfect information feedback and early warning mechanism, the holiday tourism coordination mechanism more perfect. The leaders attach importance to a high degree of. With the development of our province complaints network continuously and complaints channels continue to increase, further enhance the awareness of safeguarding rights of tourists, this year "five one" golden week 7 days, the province received 81 complaints from tourists, an increase of times, which travel complaints 23, accounting for 28.4% of total complaints, the proportion fell 16.7%. 100% now all complaints reach processing opinion, negotiation processed 95%.
Two is the city tourism service function more perfect. With the "city tourism, further promoting the concept of tourism city", cities in our province to intensify the construction of the road between the scenic area, accelerate the improvement of tourism signage, built the tourist center, counseling center, city tourism service facilities more perfect, fully revealed in "five one" during the golden week, tourists satisfaction rate further increased. Nanjing supporting in Metro, inside and outside the Qinhuai River remediation and the new railway station and many other urban projects have been completed on the basis of the tourism center, give full play to the function, the Green Expo Garden, Olympic Sports Center and a number of new attractions package plan, welcomed by the market.
Three rural tourism is favored. Agricultural tourism as a new tourism product to increase farmers' income, enhance the quality of farmers, improve the rural landscape, and constantly favored by the market. Nanjing according to estimates of the monitoring points, before the festival, 4 days a total of 300000 citizens and tourists to experience rural recreational tourism activities, including Lishui Fujiabian agricultural science and Technology Park, scenic sightseeing Jiangxinzhou, Pukou shuaiqi farm and the Yinghu Taoyuan and other national agricultural tourism demonstration sites receive the quantity are relatively flat with significant growth, of which every day Fu Jiabian reception team visitors thousands, Jiangxin Island festival attracted 40000 tourists in seven days, a day to receive visitors year-on-year growth of 30%.
Four is the rich and colorful tourist activities. Mainly embodied in: the best tourism festival tour. Nanjing each big park in a variety of theme activities, such as the Xuanwu Lake [Gallery] "dream" China trials in Jiangsu, Confucius temple, Ming Xiaoling Mausoleum, Confucius music and dance show "Daming Huazhang" culture exhibitions, have attracted many tourists to participate in the. According to the 229 into the statistics of the tourist area (point) of the statistics, during the festival received a total of 19145000 domestic and foreign visitors, a year-on-year increase of 22.8%; realize the ticket income 208000000 yuan, grow 24.3% compared to the same period.
Five is the leisure tourism will become the mainstream. Mainly displays in: the self driving tour of the rapid growth. Statistics Nanjing on Confucius temple, Dr. Sun Yat-sen's Mausoleum [library] and other major attractions of self driving tourists, this part of the tourists accounted for more than 13%. According to the statistics of the travel agency, the travel agency received 412800 visitors, a year-on-year growth of 37%, of which the province 246800 tourists, accounting for 59.8%; group 228300 person time, grow 28.9% compared to the same period; Organizational Citizen Outbound 6935 person time, grow 27.3%.
The six is the tourist the obvious effect of stimulating consumption. "Five one" tourism brings opportunities for accommodation, catering, popular shopping and transportation and other related industries. Festival catering and tourism shopping is booming. 39 Nanjing, Suzhou, Wuxi, Changzhou, Zhenjiang, Yangzhou, Xuzhou, Lianyungang eight City [Gallery] into the "five one" golden week monitoring of commercial enterprises, achieved sales of retail sales of 712000000 yuan, a year-on-year growth of 30.9%.