Chinese seventeenth golden week just draw the full stop, the national jiariban issued travel information bulletin said, according to the national monitoring into 39 city and 116 direct reporting area (point) analysis of the operation situation, the golden week tourist number and tourism revenue will be the emergence of a high growth. Expected this year "five one" Golden Week tourism number and travel income will be about 15% and 20% growth. (in May 8th, xinhuanet.com)
The national jiariban relevant person in charge to use the word "blowout" to describe this year "five one" Golden Week: characteristics of this year "five one" golden week is the most prominent, this has been a slowdown in the domestic tourism "blowout" appeared again, quite a few spots appear exceeds optimal recieve a quantity of 100%, or even 300% of the situation. Indeed, in the "blowout" behind, can be summed up the "national income growth", "national consumer confidence optimism" such gratifying background; while in the "behind the high growth of tourism income", is can see including local government sector, many organizations and individuals with joy on the tip of brow.
But I think, this is not necessarily helpful team, including those directly contributed to encouraging data of tourists. The reason is that the author summed up a "golden week's Law:" Golden Week tourism revenue growth and happiness is inversely proportional to. That is to say, the income growth of golden week tourists more, the less happiness; golden week less income growth and even negative growth, tourists must more happiness.
We implement the concentration of golden week holiday system, the whole nation power to the golden week holiday use, expired no longer make-up, "consumer focus, national tourism, business led, golden week Lihao gold" will become the golden week characteristics; as for the overload of human ancient architectural treasures, historical and cultural heritage, natural scenery scenic spot, can carry up such heavy footsteps, seems to be negligible. In the so-called age of leisure, in the common interest to stimulate domestic demand, driven by consumption, the government "visible hand" and the market "invisible hand" formed a solid alliance relationship, only the only option of "free choice", produced a tourism "blowout" effect and the consumption of the "wave effect".
Therefore, resulting in substantial revenue growth of golden week, there are two possibilities: either the tourist compromise in the golden week system, increase in the number of trips; either attractions tickets and series service prices, see the same scenery was higher than ever and usually spend more money. The former is a "people travel", the latter is a "money money tourism", no matter which kind of, are sufficient to dispel the traveler's travel happiness; moreover, the two cases are -- have both at the same time in supply than demand situation in most scenic spots, the number is more than the best receipts in 100%, or even 300%, prices are bound to more than 100%, or even 300% weekdays -- so, tourism in addition to see the head, also left to "enjoy shopping fun".
Tourism blowout and consumer wave, let the golden week has become a "gold game" gods Hehuan, tourism itself becomes a kind of pure formalism and other tools for money. Good scenery of the motherland, has become more and more expensive consumer goods, has increasingly become a "go fishing" bait and props.
To sum up in a word, golden week system, the growth of the tourism income, can only mean attractions more crowded, more expensive, people leave benefits lower quality. Therefore, standing on the national holiday welfare perspective, gold greatly increased weekly income is really not a what good news.