In extensive network Nanchang [Gallery]5 month 9 days message (reporter Hu Xiao Cai Shihai correspondent) "five one" the first day of Jiangxi [], Longnan County Kansai province Wai gallery will usher in more than 60 from Guangdong [library] tourists. Some of them watch Hakka Hakka folk songs, others learn to sing, some schools do Hakka snacks, some learn knitting Hakka clothing, enjoy and experience the "fun unique Hakka rural tourism".
This year is the Chinese "Village Tour" theme. Known as the "Roundhouse town" reputation of Longnan county to seize this opportunity, relying on the national key units of cultural relics protection in Kansai Wai, Wai Yan Wing rich enclosed resources, in "five one" Eve, it launched a carefully "ornamental Hakka Hakka folk songs, learn to sing, learn to do, learn weaving Hakka snacks Hakka clothing" four large unique Hakka customs of rural tourism "packages", and training a large number of farmers to guide and Hakka singing, Hakka, Hakka clothing fabrics do snacks relatively outstanding folk artists. On this basis, combined with the characteristics of the Hakka house farmers also round, launched their Hakka rural tourism project. Kansai Wei opened Hakka folk customs displayed, exhibited a towel, LAN dress, winter headscarves and Hakka Hakka clothing such as copper foil painting and other 10 kinds of strong Hakka Tourism souvenirs. Wu Shi Wei tale of touching, enclosed farmers launched "listen to Wu Shi legend" tourism project, published "Hakka" said, "Hakka", "round" and other books for visitors to buy legend. Yan Wing Wai is launched when a return to the Hakka "bride" (the groom) experience tourism projects, so that visitors to round a really had a "Hakka addiction", came to Yan Wing Wai tourism Hongkong tourists Mr. Lai pleased to say to us: "this round is really amazing, this in the 'back when a Hakka groom' funny, so I have a deeper understanding of the history of Hakka culture, customs, after going back, I want to introduce more friends to come here to play."
Longnan County launched a series of unique "Hakka rural tourism" project, so that visitors in the "five one" during the golden week can not only watch the Hakka, but also can experience the Hakka customs, so that visitors had enough "Hakka addiction", attracted a batch another batch of tourists at home and abroad come in a throng. According to the statistics of relevant departments, only a day in May 1st, the county's "Hakka rural tourism" has welcomed more than 6000 visitors from home and abroad.