In extensive network Nanchang [picture] May 9th news (reporter Hu Xiao Cai Shihai correspondent) "the first day of the five one" Jiangxi [], Kansai County of Longnan province Wai gallery will usher in more than 60 visitors from Guangdong [library]. Some of them see a Hakka folk songs, some sing, some schools do Hakka snacks, some learn knitting Hakka clothing, to enjoy and experience the "Hakka rural tourism interesting unique".
This year is the Chinese "Village Tour" theme. Known as the Longnan county to seize this opportunity to "swing city" reputation, relying on the national key cultural relics protection units in Kansai Wai, Wai Yan Wing Wai is rich in resources, in "five one" Eve, it launched a carefully "ornamental Hakka folk songs, sing, learn to do, learn to weave the Hakka snacks Hakka dress" four unique Hakka folk customs of rural tourism "packages", and has trained a large number of farmers to guide and Hakka singing, Hakka, Hakka clothing fabrics do snacks more excellent folk artists. On this basis, combining the characteristics of Hakka farmers house and round, launched the project of Hakka rural tourism. Guan Xiwei opened the Hakka Folk Customs show, exhibit a towel, blue clothes, winter scarf and Hakka clothing such as copper foil painting 10 powerful Hakka Tourism souvenirs. Wu Shiwei story, closed farmers launched the "listen to Wu Shi legend" tourism project, published "Hakka", "Hakka", "round" and other books of the visitors to buy legend. Yan Wing Wai back a Hakka "bride (groom) experience tourism project, let visitors around really have a" Hakka addiction ", came to Yan Wing Wai tourism Hongkong tourists Mr. Lai pleased to say to us:" this round is really amazing, this in the back when a Hakka groom very it is interesting, so I to Hakka culture history, in-depth understanding of the customs, after going back, I want to introduce more friends to play here."
Longnan county to carry out a series of unique "Hakka rural tourism project, let visitors in the" five one "during the golden week can not only watch can also experience the Hakka, Hakka folk customs, so that tourists have enough" Hakka addiction ", attracted batch after batch of tourists from home and abroad to a large group of. According to the statistics of relevant departments, only a day in May 1st, the county's "Hakka rural tourism" has received more than 6000 visitors from home and abroad.
