Journalists from Shanghai city holiday office was informed that, this year "five one" during the golden week, Shanghai outbound tour operators have organized 1227 outbound tourist group, the total number of outbound tourism 23483, respectively over the 975 regiment, 18490 last year growth of 25.85%, 27%.
This year "five one" Golden Week tourism market of Shanghai has the following new features:
Multivariate rational market, supply and demand
Consumer demand for holiday tourism more and more individualized and diversified. In the tourism destination choice, pay more attention to the "leisure, fashion, personality", from the long-term tourism traditional changed into city holiday leisure tour, and more inclined to high quality comfort of tourism, cultural tourism products of high quality, "leisure, beach, Wen Quan, farmer, red tourism products demand growth". In the way of travel, charter flights, charter, Each takes what he needs. train etc..
The line is rich, innovation and change
From the application situation of Shanghai travel agencies, citizens show "rise in the short-term, long-term stability of sustained growth, suburb leisure hot" situation. Outbound tourism, traditional travel to Hong Kong and Macao, Southeast Asia tour to account for more than half of outbound quantity, Russia, Egypt, France and other tourist destinations are hot. Domestic tourism, Hainan, Yunnan, Wuyishan [], Guilin Gallery of traditional circuit application in good condition, Xinjiang, Tibet, Qinghai and other northwest line also showed a certain number of growth. Shanghai excursions around the line and the Shanghai suburb leisure tourism, farm tourism has become the main products line of citizens of Shanghai leisure tourism.
Holiday travel products rich, strong participation
Shanghai tourism industry has orchestrated with various urban style of tourism products, such as Longhua temple, Yu Garden mall Spring Temple, further excavates the cultural connotation; Daning Lingshi park will host the "International Music Fireworks contest", show the magic music fireworks art from France, Italy, Spain, USA to citizens and tourists; Shanghai Fuxing Park International floral art exhibition, the Shanghai Grand View Garden "the Red Mansion Art Festival", "Fengxian sea Festival", the Jinjiang Disneyland cartoon exhibit of lanterns, Chongming national Forest Park of Dongping flower show, Hongkou football stadium in Harbin [] ice sculpture exhibition gallery, Century Park, Oriental Oasis International Music Carnival International Kite festival activities will become citizens and tourists during the holiday a good place for.