Xinhua Shenyang, [Gallery]5 month 9 Xinhua (reporter Chen Guangming Wang Bingkun Wang Ying) as in previous years, this year "five one" during the golden week, is known to have high quality hot springs and "Asia first mud" Anshan Tanggangzi hospital yourenruzhi. Bubble hot spring, buried mud, supplemented by professional acupuncture, massage, visitors had a fresh addiction at the same time, work day the body relax and conditioning.
If the visitors from afar, only to feel a bathing, buried mud taste it, some people monthly Tanggangzi hospital around the city and even the regular weekly come here to rest and put the hot spring tourism promotion to another level: warm care. In recent years, along with the special function of surface warm springs, slime and other resources by the public gradually familiar, warm care quickly "fire", not only have the resources in place to make the leisure, tourism brand, the pursuit of healthy people and also is very popular.
Warm care are popular, the reason lies in the warm instead of traditional medicine resources positive effects on the human body functions, no trauma, no toxic side effect, to the modern pursuit of natural requirements. Deputy chief physician Dou Xiulan Anshan Tanggangzi hospital introduces, bubble hot spring is not only a kind of enjoyment, but also because of the hot spring water contains trace elements beneficial to human body, the nerve pain, eliminate fatigue, arthritis, beauty has certain effect, some difficult by rheumatism, chemical medicine to cure the chronic disease of bone and joint and also through the hot springs, mud with physical therapy way conditioning is very good.
In China, hyperthermia as a healthy culture, already had history of thousands of years. Different is, the ancient hot springs, mud just buried palace, noble exclusive luxury, ordinary people occasionally "enjoy" is also in the disease may have been taken in the absence of treatment. Today, these projects have been as daily care methods into the lives of ordinary people. Hot springs, mud has become a unique brand of some local tourism development of hit, the mainland in recent years new spa, Hot Springs Hotel number.
Zhang Sining researcher at the Liaoning Academy of Social Sciences [library] said, bathing, buried mud health leisure way gradually into people's lives, and this shows that the health, enjoyment has become a way of life for the people to pursue, and the Chinese people's living standards gradually improved, also let people toward this goal closer.
