Xinhuanet.com Hongkong 8 May report (reporter Bai Bing) this year, "five one golden week", coincides with the mainland visitors to Hong Kong and Macao "individual visit" measures to extend to the Pan Pearl River Delta [library] other 6 provincial capital city, so that the mainland for Hong Kong and Macao "individual visit" city total to 44. However, a large number of mainland visitors from all walks of life in Hongkong is expected to not in the "five one" period to Hongkong, even more than ever and decreased.
"Golden Week", the Hongkong SAR Government Tourism Commission had expected, April 29th to May 8th this year there will be 420000 mainland tourists to Hongkong, of which 60% is the "individual visit" passenger. But according to the immigration authorities 8 days of statistics, "five one golden week", about 370000 mainland tourists to visit Hongkong. In addition, both the number of inbound tourists from the mainland, or the overall tourism revenue is expected to more than the previous "Golden Week" decline.
Analysis of the industry, this year "five one golden week" passengers decreased, the reason has two aspects: one is the external factors, including the mainland tourists out model change, travel destination choice diversification, and consumer psychological changes; on the other hand is the internal factors, such as the lack of competitiveness of traditional attractions, hotel, shops rent did "rip off" long-term unsolved problems etc..
Hongkong Travel Industry Council director general Dong Yaozhong said, "this year the Spring Festival Golden Week" mainland tourists reached 900000 passengers, while last year's "five one golden week" the number of mainland tourists also exceeds 390000 person time. Because the consumption psychology of tourists from the mainland to change, is expected this year, "five one golden week" Hongkong overall tourism income will not have the growth. He said, for Hongkong, the current "Golden Week" of the "gold content" is not as good as before, people need to change the mentality, do not think that the "Golden Week" must "gold digging", mainland tourists may on the other days in Hong kong. In addition, Hong Kong Hotel high rent also affected more mainland visitors to Hong Kong, the industry should take the opportunity to reflect on.
The Legislative Council congressman Yang Xiaohua think tourism industry, tourism is one of the four pillars of Hongkong economy, with powerful strength, but not the "free riding", supported only by the mainland more city open the "individual visit" policy, also need to continue to invest and improve, including the construction of more tourist facilities.
The person said, Hongkong industry only seek truth from facts, accept mainland travelers increasingly mature fact, reviewing Hongkong's shortcomings, the introduction of appropriate policies, increasing tourism attractions, improve service quality, in order to make tourists four time.
