Characteristics of 1: Cultural Tourism Festival Golden Week has become the main melody
"Five one" golden week at the beginning of 2006, Chinese Kunming [library] International Cultural Tourism Festival opened at the same time also. The parade, the national song and dance, square, The Strip Carnival feast, tourism image ambassador selection and other tourism festival activities have to meet with the public.
For a time, Kunming became a sea of flowers, ethnic customs of the ocean, Carnival of the ocean, showing the unique charm of big the ethnic tourism culture in Yunnan province. Tourism industry "eat, live, row, swim, shopping and entertainment," the six elements has been fully displayed in cultural tourism festival. Stone Forest Scenic Area, the Expo Park [library], Jiuxiang scenic areas, Yunnan Nationalities Village [library], jiaozi snow mountain, Kunming major urban parks, eight square, rich and colorful activities become an important carrier of tourists from home and abroad to Kun carnival, a total exhibition on May 1st to 5 eight square Carnival activities 650000 citizens and tourists to participate in Kunming City, was once The whole town turns out to. The situation, tourism festival event has become the focus of the news media chase.
Characteristics of 2: the national characteristics of the crossbeam
The tourism festival will be the creative national traditional festivals and customs transplanted to the modern metropolis, the ASEAN countries and the features of Yunnan national culture and food characteristics of integration, float tour, national The Strip, national customs splashing water Carnival feast, Munao Song of the Jingpo people, Shilin Torch Festival, Yi traditional bullfights and other activities will be a variety of ethnic minorities on major festivals to see the spectacular scenes appear in front of Chinese and foreign guests, combined with the series of tourism promotion activities, all-round, multi-level, wide field to foreign tourists show of Yunnan has a long history, splendid culture, rich ethnic customs and the unique tourism charm.
Characteristics of 3: "experience", "Carnival" dominant
The Tourism Festival changed the watch does not participate in the form, put forward the "meet the carnival in Kunming, experience the colorful Yunnan" slogan, let the spring city lively, promote tourists carnival, to help the peoples of joy. Launched a total of 7 large plate more than 100 activities. In the form, widely mobilize citizens, enterprises and visitors to participate in the activities of the citizens, reserved automatically join tour performance space, select the person leading the dance, welcome the masses of voluntary participation, and strive to create a good tourism experience. In the mode of operation, organized according to the "government guidance, grading undertakes, the participation of enterprises, the operation of the market" principle, activity funds mainly rely on the market operation, the purpose is to improve the level of marketing and Tourism Festival, desalt government color, enhance the activities of public participation.
Characteristics of 4: ASEAN into a bright spot
Bangladesh, Kampuchea, Dhaka city of Phnom Penh Vientiane, Laos, Malaysia, Burma, Yangon City, the city of Kuala Lumpur and Vietnam, Lao Cai province to actively participate in the parade performances, 6 Foreign float performance team, show their own national costumes, customs, history and culture tourism, the Tourism Festival is the icing on the cake. The tour then 6 countries performing team in each square place is more let Kunming people feel close to the exotic, become a bright spot in the Tourism Festival
Characteristics of 5: promoting Kunming Tourism Festival holiday economy
From the previous golden week rush forward to now crowded attractions, rationally arrange their own holidays, variable tourism as leisure, people's consumption concept has changed. In addition to the traditional team tour, self driving, Nongjiale tourism projects, shopping, bars, fitness, entertainment has become a part of popular leisure way, especially in the launch of the downtown of the city during the Tourism Festival Plaza Carnival activities, is more condensed fire explosive popularity for various values, enriching the activities of the holiday, on the other hand also create considerable benefits for business.
Characteristics of 6: the new scenic tourist potential opening display
With the development of Jiaozi snow mountain tourist highway traffic, one of the six key construction projects in Kunming city of Jiaozi snow mountain scenic area is also the official business in the golden week ago, during the jiaozi mountain five one golden week ushered in the first batch of visitors since its opening. A few days later, the number of visitors climbing, the peak day to receive more than 4600 visitors during the golden week, a total of 15400 tourists trips, tickets income is 460000 yuan. With the scenic spot open, tourism will promote the development of the northern five counties in the farmhouse and sales of agricultural and sideline products, to speed up the pace of the masses to take off deficient to become rich. Will bring flow, information flow, capital flow, bring a lot of business opportunities. You can also let more people understand the Kunming northern five counties resource advantage, attract more investors. As the six major projects in jiaozi mountain as the representative of the continuous progress and improvement of development, will provide strong motivation for Kunming tourism does poineering work the two times.
Reporter Pang Jiguang