The Badaling Great Wall five one welcoming 400000 passengers experts suggested ---
Golden Week Azeri crowded the Great Wall when it can burden
Reporter Huang Tao reported that "these days in the press to see the the Great Wall on the crowd, I really worry about the preservation of the the Great Wall." China society of cultural relics the Great Wall research will grow into Dalin recently told reporters.
In just the past five one golden weeks, a total of 400000 tourists and foreign visitors in the Badaling Great Wall. Beijing city holiday office said that this is the the Badaling Great Wall received the amount of the highest level in history. Experts suggested that to overload the development of the Great Wall will be detrimental to the protection of the Great Wall.
Every metre the Great Wall on average more than 15 people
Beijing as the earliest opening section of the Great Wall, Badaling open wall is only 3741 meters long. According to the calculation, the the Badaling Great Wall 7 Day reception 400000 passengers, so a daily average of 57100 visitors, average every meters long on the Great Wall have more than 15 people.
Badaling Management Office said that the tourism department approved the Badaling Great Wall tourists limit capacity of 72000 people, so in the five one period and no more than the Great Wall reception capacity.
The territory of Beijing approved the opening of the Great Wall is only 4
Although the the Great Wall tourism has been very hot, but Beijing has been approved by the government to open the the Great Wall only Badaling and Mutianyu, Simatai and Juyongguan 4 attractions.
"In the Beijing area 629 km long the Great Wall, officially approved open only a few tens of kilometers, the official opening of the only 100 km." Chinese the Great Wall Society executive vice president and Secretary General Dong Yaohui said, the Badaling Great Wall is open the length of only 3.7 kilometers, the Mutianyu Great Wall is only 2 kilometers, Juyongguan open just off the city, Simatai is 19 kilometers.
Due to the large number of visitors, many road bricks on the Badaling Great Wall have been rubbed off the edges and corners, the wall is thickly dotted has been unable to "cure" notch. Dong Yaohui said, these were crushed bricks are replaced worn in the year when the repair the Badaling Great Wall of the bricks, so as long as the serious wear will be replaced. To ensure the safety of tourists at the same time, it will not affect the internal body wrapped in the Great Wall of Ming dynasty.
Now the diversion scheme was not successful.
Chinese society of cultural relics will grow into Dalin is a well-known the Great Wall research experts study on the Great Wall, he has been involved in including Badaling, many other the Great Wall attractions open argument. He said that in the early 80 century, Beijing city in order to ease the the Badaling Great Wall overcrowding, the renovation of the the Mutianyu Great Wall, but did not solve the congestion problem in Badaling.
"When the discussion had planned on Mutian Valley Jinshanling and two the Great Wall in the choice of a shunt open the Badaling Great Wall." He said, there are many scenic spots from Beijing to Jinshanling Great Wall 130 km long along the line, which belongs to the "golden tourist line", experts are more optimistic about the Jinshanling, finally is the two the Great Wall open.
Because Badaling is almost one of Beijing's landmark attractions, but also has convenient highway and railway, increasing the number of visitors to Badaling. Although the Mutianyu Great Wall is only 70 kilometers away from the urban area of Beijing, Badaling away from the urban area than it's also close, but the comparison is not too convenient traffic, let it not to play too many tourists shunt function.
Expert: open spots layout is not reasonable
Dalin thinks, as a world cultural heritage and national preservation unit, carrying capacity of the Great Wall should be to not destroy the the Great Wall principle.
He said, Beijing in addition to the current approved open at 4 the Great Wall, in fact, there are many not been formally approved, but often have visitors in the section of the Great Wall. According to his investigation, West Shuiyu, two road, Aries Valley, a small Longmen, Beijing and even the famous Lingshan city along the river, Huang Caoliang, and other scenic spots have this condition.
"Badaling had just open repair, a ticket only 5 cents, but not many tourists." Cheng Dalin recalls, to the the Badaling Great Wall now photography, are basically "pictures", can say "up the mountain to see the bottom, down the mountain to see the head" of the state.
After 90 years of the last century, the the Great Wall concert, leap business activities such as expanding the visibility of the the Great Wall, also has brought the huge passenger flow. As Dalin said, the overload is not conducive to the protection of the Great Wall, even if cannot influence the image of the Great Wall, more can not damage the the Great Wall body. The present situation of Beijing the Great Wall protection range is better, just in the open spots on the layout is not reasonable. And now the power of operation nationalized, it is certainly a good thing for the protection and management of the Great Wall.