70% adults; police search not only to understand the local dialect, also will be a foreign language
The day before yesterday, tourists in Beijing world flower Wonderland Park Tour pictures. Xinhua News Agency reporter Pang Xinglei perturbation
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; the newspaper news (reporter Wang Shu Wang Jie correspondent) "Sinaza (dialect transliteration), Sinaza, your grandfather is square service car beside you", this is the morning of May 4th, a tracing information Tiananmen Public Security Bureau Square car service broadcast repeatedly broadcast, in 20 several times, a little boy came running up, threw himself into the arms of a man.
Golden week seven days, Tiananmen square, a total of 3568 people have separated, of which 70% of adults, the vast majority are in the police field "tracing service" help, to rendezvous with friends and relatives.
"Five one" on the first day of the 1661 people separated
In previous years, holiday, Tiananmen square is often with family, relatives and friends from overseas visitors, to the police for help, help its find loved ones.
Last year, eleven, the Tiananmen opened to Public Security Bureau crisp "tracing service location" moved to the square, using a radio car, a car service, on-site to provide search services.
In early May 1st 8, two cars drove to the square, visitors can "call", let the police call the family relatives and friends, can also fill in a form, stating the name, domicile of origin from the personal information, by the police for immediate release tracing information. According to statistics, only 1 day, received radio car amount as high as 1661, after a few days, the reception was always kept four hundred or five hundred per day, until the 6 day, separated only down to 100 below.
Adults are "missing" main force
It is understood that, compared with the previous holiday, this year five one "Tiananmen square" has a distinctive characteristics: adults become separated "missing" main force, in 3568 people, accounted for 70% of adults, and easily separated children and old people only accounted for 3 into.
"Tracing service to understand the local dialect, have foreign language", according to a police said Wang, help tourists in Tiananmen square to find people, can enjoy the human attitudes, around the style. A man in a hurry, people neither fast nor slow, there are people out of common sense of lack, many old people, children, even the mobile phone number to call relatives are not allowed. The seven day, service car received some foreigners, "fortunately we have passed English training, or really stare not live", Wang, police said, car service, broadcasting car police on duty have good English, that foreigners are very satisfied, a Bangkok visitors with the help of the police, made contact with Thailand the embassy. "Beijing News" news hotline: 01063190000, 01096096333
