China News Agency, Shanghai, May eight questions: why a city holiday consumer complaints "stubborn"?
China News Agency reporter Chang Huiying
The hustle and bustle of the "51" golden week just passed, from Shanghai industry and commerce departments the latest consumer Shen (vote) v. hotline data have shown that the number of complaints: communications products, telecommunications services, Internet services to occupy the top three.
This phenomenon occurred repeatedly, cause consumer dissatisfaction. Hushang relevant personage points out, before the holiday, the telecom operators and communications products manufacturers in the price competition of become a common practice; the festival, received a bunch of consumer disputes complaints. Related enterprises should change the quick, avoid holiday consumer complaints into "stubborn".
During the golden week, Hushang various consumer unpopular is the fact that does not dispute. Therefore, businesses have used promotional tricks for customers, only communication market, before the Shanghai mobile and Shanghai Unicom will also cancel their respective under mass card fee differential pricing, enables the user to answer all calls are free to listen to Chang, and call the local fixed telephone, PHS hand machine and can be unified payment rates, and sharp drop. The fierce competition in the market, so that consumers benefit.
However, the mobile phone service has become a hot public complaints: the festival reflects the communication companies collect information fees unreasonable charges opaque, unsubscribe message, difficult issues such as the poor, communication signal. As Mr. Chen reflect consumers, the mobile phone bill recently on a pen "Beijing interactive space nine two three eight information cost", but I never ordered any information service. Mr. Chen think, communication companies collect information fees undermine the legitimate rights and interests, so the complaint. It is understood, consumers encountered a similar situation is not the individual phenomenon, cause the user antipathy.
At the same time, during the festival the communication product complaints has become a popular in Shanghai, an increase of nearly one hundred and twenty percent, which relates to the mobile phone complaints accounted for nine into. Consumer complaints reflect businesses not honoured the commitment to mobile phone sales promotion during the holiday season. Some businessmen allege consumers buy a mobile phone in "five one" during the golden week, can receive a pair of Bluetooth Headset, but when the Buyers ask for Headset, the other party has tried to evade, not promises. In addition, mobile phone products of poor quality, after sale service is not in place, long repair without fruit also makes users headache.
Hushang industry, hot market consumption often become the focus of complaints. But every time after a long holiday, manufacturer merchant received a bunch of consumer complaints are not due to the phenomenon of. Both the telecom tariff reduction or product promotions, to seize the market the important thing is to win the trust of users. The holiday consumption, various promotional means a see things in a blur, but can not let consumers "". The real good after sale service of various products, is related to the enterprise survival and death events, not to be let down.
Said Shanghai relevant departments, whether the holiday or peacetime, consumers in the holiday shopping, to how long a heart, do not blindly buy; while the manufacturers businessmen in allowing more profits at the same time, we should earnestly fulfill its commitment, integrity management, attain the people's trust. Through the joint efforts of the whole society, the complete eradication of holiday consumer complaints into a bunch of "chronic illness".
