China News Agency, Wuyishan [library] on eight May, (reporter Zhou Wenjie) this year "five one" during the golden week, to "clear water Danshan" famous Fujian Gallery in Wuyishan province [] again sends out the world cultural and natural heritage, the famous scenic spots Chinese charm, many tourists at home and abroad come in a throng, a substantial increase in tourism income the realization of "Ding, booming wealth".
According to statistics, golden week Zhaqing rain in Wuyishan received 209800 foreign tourists trips, an increase of thirteen point five nine percent, the total tourism income of 151000000 yuan, an increase of twenty-five point eight three percent, two indicators are more than the best level in history. Which received 10500 foreign tourists trips, an increase of ten point five three percent, received a total of self driving Jiuqianqibaiduo car, nearly nearly 80%.
In recent days, the reporter saw in here, not only the peak travel days, Jiuqu Xi and other traditional center view visitors get together, and rural tourism attractions are also popular Biao, take the wheelbarrow, iron play cotton, enjoy the ancient folk house and many other special tourism projects let visitors reluctant to leave.
Ding Wang naturally bring wealth. Pour in the local Gaestgiveriet Hotel, catering, tourists make traffic each experience travel industry earn basin full earthen bowl. The past few days, Wuyishan Gaestgiveriet Hotel room rate of close to nine, hotel room occupancy rate was even up to 100%. Some Gaestgiveriet Hotel increase in patients at the same time make a sauna and from the housing, but still can not meet the needs of tourists. Two to four day travel peak, the reporter in the resort Gaestgiveriet Hotel will see a number of "emergency room note:" as long as there is room room, into the room immediately tourists waiting for the waiter to change the sheets. And "grab" of the housing of the tourists to live in the surrounding counties and cities Jianyang, Shaowu etc..
Because visitors multiplication, Wuyishan various restaurants, food stalls, feast farm overcrowding, several groups of tourists the equivalent of a table, the situation is even more It is often seen. A restaurant Lu chef complained to reporters, this time he every day from five in the morning to eleven at night, was busy "Turner does not leave a hand", "tired legs trembled".
In addition, many astute merchants also held a variety of theme promotions, golden week popularity poly wealth, fame outside the Wuyi rock tea, smoked goose specialty products such as tourists in the release of large amounts of consumer enthusiasm.
Although the golden week received numerous tourists, but visitors to the Wuyishan tourism environment, quality of service are generally satisfied with the complaints, seven days is only four, were timely solve fast. The scenic point of order good, did not occur along with the tourism safety accidents, also six, due to rising water stop Jiuqu Xi bamboo raft drifting Jiuqu xi. Experienced seventeen golden week in Wuyishan tourism reception is becoming more and more mature.