China News Agency, Nanning [Gallery] May eight electric problem: Nanning into Vietnam tourists shopping paradise
China News Agency reporter Jiang Xuelin
"Nanning peace, Yu Feng and other shopping malls, every day there are many Vietnamese visitors shopping, Nanning city has become Vietnam tourists shopping paradise." Guangxi Huanhai travel service limited liability company executive director zhouhuan said in an interview with reporters today, Nanning high quality and inexpensive goods, especially clothes, bags, such as calligraphy and painting has a great attraction to Vietnam tourists.
Yesterday morning, more than twenty Vietnamese tourists to one's heart's content to leave the Nanning, on the return journey. And only take a bus is different, Guangxi Huanhai travel specially for they were a tour bus. Originally, this is Vietnam tourists "crazy purchase" results -- with a heavy train in Nanning purchase various appliances, suitcases, clothing and calligraphy and painting etc..
Zhou Huan introduces, tomorrow there will be thirty-five Vietnamese tourists from entering Guangxi Nanning Youyiguan, is the only way which must be passed in Nanning, shopping, tourism is a Vietnamese tourists essential project.
According to the introduction, this year "five one" golden week, Vietnamese tourists professional travel agency -- Guangxi Huanhai travel agencies received a total of one thousand one hundred and fifty Vietnamese visitors, these Vietnamese tourists is the use of South Vietnam "Liberation Day" holiday and weekend trip to Guangxi.
Whether three or five day tour of Vietnam in Nanning, visitors will spend at least two days. "For them, to experience the beautiful Guilin [library] and Beihai [] scenery landscape gallery, the greatest pleasure is to Nanning shopping." Zhou Huan said, many Vietnamese tourists a hand is two thousand yuan. They love to Chinese manufacturing DVD, two hundred or three hundred yuan a DVD and some tourists buy is a few.
Guangxi Huanhai travel agency as a professional Vietnam tourists reception Travel Agency, this year business is booming. The good news is always continuously, Nanning Youyiguan highway to traffic, shortening the distance of Hanoi and nanning. From Hanoi to Nanning, only more than four hours. Zhouhuan said with a smile: "Vietnam tourists can be in Hanoi for breakfast, and then went to the Nanning to eat Chinese food. The trip shorter, the cost is also reduced, five days night tourist line in Guangxi to promote, shortened to four days and three nights, the tourists per capita can reduce the cost of one hundred and fifty yuan of RMBs, to be very careful in reckoning the Vietnamese tourists, is a no small attraction."
Zhou Huan said, China - ASEAN Expo held in Nanning, expanding the visibility of Nanning in vietnam. Fair successfully held two sessions, more and more Vietnamese tourists travel to nanning. The first Chinese ASEAN Expo, Huanhai travel agency received four hundred Vietnamese visitors, second, the travel reception of Vietnamese tourists increased to six hundred. The Vietnamese tourists not only creating the Nanning's tourism industry, but also to let the Nanning business earn a basin full earthen bowl.