Beijing of China News Service on eight May, (reporter Yu Lixiao) "five one" during the golden week, a taste of old "Zhen Dian dishes were" a Beijing people Xinle fun. Eight journalists from more than 40 an old Jude Alex Hua Tian company to understand, Qingfeng baozi Pu eight stores selling steamed stuffed bun seven days about five hundred thousand, Liuquan habitat bean bag shop seven days sold more than 40000 top Baozi Stuffed with Red Bean Paste, barbecue Wan, Barbecue Season barbecue every day to sell more than 300 pounds.
Jude Alex Hua Tian company of a responsible person, during the golden week the streets every old sales growth as high, year-on-year growth of twenty point two percent, of which three hundred years of the famous barbecue Wan restaurant growth of thirty-eight point five percent over the same period last year, more than in the same period to hongbinlou sales have doubled, to create "five one" section of the record sales.
The reporter learns, near Shichahai tourist attractions of the barbecue season restaurant, new road spring restaurant seven day reception customers are more than ten thousand passengers, shaguoju restaurant up to a meal made of more than 110, San seat over three or four hall.
Golden week seven day holiday is not only food consumption season, is also a good day for many young people to tie the knot. It is understood, many old name to key in the wedding party, old wedding package table year-on-year growth of eighty-three percent.
Many old and famous restaurant in order to get a "mouth color will change," wedding banquet cuisine dishes, Beijing Roast Duck became "Golden fate God bestows. duck soup", called "deep affection". With a history of one hundred years hongbinlou restaurant specially introduced the "dragon and phoenix", "each improves by association with the other", "forever" three happy new menu, usher in a new seven day 30 pairs of 450, wedding banquet table. And Regina, barbecue, and a Wan Shun Restaurant wedding also more than doubled last year.