Beijing of China News Service on eight May, questions: do not let the "Golden Week" become "sad week"
China News Agency reporter Jin Guolin
In April 30th, the evening, Beijing South Railway Station, twenty-seven year old Xiao Qian boarded a train to the north, to Inner Mongolia [Gallery] big desert tourism exploration.
May 3rd afternoon, Inner Mongolia, Kubuqi Desert hinterland, Xiaoqian pale, fainting.
In the evening, deep in the vast desert, Xiaoqian stop breathing.
In May 5th, the morning, Inner Mongolia Wulateqianqi funeral home, small Qian's body was cremated. Afternoon, small Qian's ashes from the five year old parents back to Beijing.
A short span of four days, a happy young woman, so go the desert, into a handful of ashes, let parents have suffered this tore heart crack lung of human grief.
If the selection of "Tourism Golden Week this year, 51" the most exciting news, "dozens of tourists to the Inner Mongolia desert in distress, lost Beijing woman Xiaoqian died" this event, I'm afraid it will be at the top of the list.
Looking back on this year "51" golden week, misfortune not only Xiaoqian one? Suffered grief not limited to her family? The twenty-two year old Ye Jianying, a young woman, Chinese student of Peking University, April 30th night in Yunnan [library] Shangri-La County Tourism on the car accident died, nine other people peer five dead and four injured, including the wounded leaves Jianying lovers.
This year "51" golden week, officials said the tourism overall smooth, orderly work, the market has a larger increase, the masses of the people and enjoy a happy, peaceful holiday. But, no doubt, all kinds of accidents also should not be underestimated: glide plane crash, a passenger rolling cliff, a cross-country car hit the bar into the river, and the tour suffered a car accident, mountain climbing, in the snowstorm trapped missing etc.. The grim situation of serious accidents occurred, forcing the State Council Production Safety Commission Office issued an emergency notice in May 4th, urged all localities to do a good job in "51" golden week post production safety work, to further strengthen safety supervision work during the holiday season.
In the "51" golden week, the last day of the evening, Traffic Management Bureau of the State Ministry of Public Security said, "51" golden week period, a total of a death occurred more than five major road traffic accident seven cases, killed forty-four people, injured sixteen people. This data, only the traffic accident data, but also a death more than five traffic accident. If other various accidents and a five deaths following traffic accidents this year, "51" golden week during the national how many families suffered misfortune?
She in the flower like life suddenly faded head one night, sitting in the desert with his partner under the stars singing, ten days before she passed away, she still Internet to stay: "the road of life is long, the best of himself always in the front, and along the way will fragrance assail the nostrils". But now, he has passed away.
Some statistics say, a alive and kicking people suddenly passed away, will make more than one hundred and fifty people around the impact by the long time in the heart. Set up the "51" golden week, wanted to let people enjoy the happiness, however, safety accident one after another, but the sad shadow in many people's heart.
Operating years of golden week, people praise, someone plays, the pros and cons of mixed. But in any case, the reporter thinks is important: do not let the "Golden Week" into a "sad week", because peace more than gold!
