China News Agency, Beijing eight May, Title: Golden Week disc: passenger transport success
China News Agency reporter Zhou Yin
Two 00 six year "five one" golden week, since the implementation of the system Chinese golden week is the seventeenth golden week. Reporters today from the relevant agency was informed that, during the golden week, Chinese transit agencies prepared sufficient capacity, people travel conditions have been improved, increasing the volume of passenger traffic, passenger satisfaction can be improved.
Railway passenger hit a record high over the same period
As for the full, well-organized, five one year golden week period, Chinese railway has withstood the test of large passenger flow, the realization of the "to ensure transportation safety, to maintain the good order, to improve the quality of service" goal. From April 28th to May 7th, Chinese railway sent a total of about forty-two million passengers, an increase of four million people, a record the history of the highest record.
During the golden week, the railway transport has always been high railway passenger flow, the average daily passenger flow of up to about four million two hundred thousand people. Only one May 1st day, railway passenger send break a record, reaching 4685000 people.
In addition, the railway passenger transport organization in the best at the same time, the overall consideration is to dig freight "a pot of gold". During the golden week, the railway freight transport daily loading a year-on-year increase of three thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight cars, the railway passenger and freight transport "achieve a win-win".
Civil aviation passenger transport is U type growth
"Five one" during the golden week, Chinese civil aviaton executive airliner flight twenty-seven thousand three hundred and thirty-eight, grow ten percent compared to the same period last year; passenger volume achieves three million one hundred thousand person time, increase three hundred and forty thousand times compared with the same period last year, growth of twelve percent. Passenger growth overall present state of traditional U growth.
During this period, the General Administration of civil aviation of monitoring fifty-two major city daily flights, data display, the early golden week passenger increase, only in April 30th the national civil aviation passenger transport reached five hundred and thirty thousand person time, created the civil aviation transport volume record one-day; golden week passenger showed a trend of decline; middle, late passenger surge, like the BeiJing Capital Airport in May 7th the number of aircraft movements more than 100 vehicles reached one thousand, a record one-day record.
This year "five one" period, civil aviation passenger transport volume in addition to Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Kunming, Haikou, Sanya, Tianjin, Wuhan, Xi'an traditional hot outside the city, Zhangjiajie, Hohhot [Gallery], Yinchuan, Guiyang, Zhoushan, Xining, Harbin, Wuyishan City, such as the larger increase in nanchang.
The road of water transport safety and orderly passenger volume double
Chinese road transport during the golden week, into the large and medium-sized bus Qishiyuwan units, completed a total of 344000000 passenger trips, six point five percent more than last year; water transport organized the ship capacity of 20000 ships, nearly one million class, meet passenger travel needs. Seven days holiday main area China waterway passenger traffic to complete six million six hundred and fifty thousand person time, grow five point six percent compared to the same period last year.
This golden week unlike in previous years, people travel conditions have been improved. Due to the development of highway construction Chinese, vehicle quality improvement, make the golden week this year, road transport in the peak traffic period has played an increasingly important role.
According to the Ministry of transportation officials, golden week passenger operation, a substantial increase in the proportion of high-grade buses, more tourist bus ninety percent is high-grade and luxurious car, passenger travel greatly improved conditions. In addition, the development of the improvement of rural road and rural passenger transport, both for the convenience of the farmer's travel, also makes the city picnic, rural travel gradually increased. Therefore, during the golden week this year, passenger satisfaction compared with the same period increased, road passenger number of complaints decreased, also no major quality service event.
Reporters from the national jiariban learn, deficiencies of this golden week beauty is in, there were four traffic accidents, fourteen people were killed, twenty injured; water sports accidents for two, one person died, three injured. Finish