China News Agency, Nanning eight May report (reporter Liu Wanqiang) "five one" golden week, the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region tourists nearly four million four hundred thousand passengers, total tourism income of more than one billion five hundred million yuan, the number of reception and tourism income of both the highest record, the number of overseas tourists have also increased substantially, up to 68500 passengers, an increase of more than two into.
Deputy director of the Tourism Bureau of Guangxi autonomous region Chen Qixian today announced, during the golden week, Guangxi with no travel safety accident, has not received the great tourist complaints, the realization of the "safety, order, quality goals, benefit" four unified.
According to the introduction, this golden week, the Guangxi "Village Tour" has become a highlight. Two 00 six years is "Chinese Village Tour" theme tourism year, around the Guangxi rural tourism development vigorously, and actively introduce "to eat rice farmers, dry farmers live, enjoy the farm home" "in the farmyard, enjoy the pastoral music" agriculture tourism vacation activities, attracting a large number of tourists. According to statistics, more than 6000 people receive Taihe garden every Wuzhou city to carry out the "village tour". Nanning City opened more than 20 tourist spots in the jurisdiction of counties, launched a unique national style and national culture "Nongjiale" products, and carry out the "ten rural" the most beautiful Nanning selection activities.
At the same time, self driving tour continued unpopular. Despite high oil prices, but the Guangxi self driving tour has become more and more popular, the number is more and more big, self driving travel range more widely, both the Guilin in northern Guangxi, Liuzhou [library], or southern Nanning, Chongzuo, everywhere is the self drive tourism sight. During the golden week, Beihai [library] reception from driving up to thirty-one thousand four hundred vehicles, compared with the same period last year increased by nine thousand eight hundred units, creating the highest record. On the first day of golden week, Guilin has received more than 6000 cars daily average of fifteen thousand vehicles entered Guilin, the peak. It is reported, self driving tourists field mainly comes from the Pan Pearl River Delta area of Guangdong, Sichuan, Hunan, Guizhou, Yunnan, Hainan provinces as well as Shanghai, Beijing, Zhejiang etc..
"Five one" period, Guangxi inbound tourists year-on-year increase, Hong Kong, Macao, and Taiwan tourists through Guangzhou into the eastern region or flights arrived in Guilin, ASEAN tourists to enter the South Guangxi border line to swim or HNA, and extends to the northern Guangxi Guidong area. This golden week, a one thousand one hundred and fifty Guangxi usher in a tourist group is the biggest from Vietnam tour, they were closed by detailed Friendship Port of entry to Guangxi tourism. According to statistics, through the entry port by detailed Vietnam tourists reached eight thousand seven hundred and fifty passengers, an increase of three to five.
