China News Agency, eight May, Hefei Anhui: question: "Rural Tourism Golden Week" dress up
Author: Zhao Xin
"Five one" golden week, the outdoor scenery infinite. Anhui "Village Tour" show the charm, as blowing around the cyclone, carefully designed "Nongjiale", "rural cultural tour" and other characteristics of products by eight party to welcome visitors, the golden week dress.
In the picturesque Huangshan City Huizhou District, the district will "Hui culture tourism" and "Village Tour" combination, focus on the introduction of Chengkan tour ancient village, submersible houses swim, swim more Tangmo Nongjiale tourist routes. Among them, "ridge scenic area is a village with double treasure", the first day of golden week tourists more than 2000 people, hit a day receive high; Ming, Qing two generations of Huizhou houses, ancient Huizhou three sculpture, "Huizhou drum" and other folk performances, let visitors indulge in pleasures without stop.
In Buddhist mountains in Mount Jiuhua [library], the second day golden week is drizzle, but the area launched the "return to natural landscape tour", "Min Park Ecological Tour" and a series of rural tourism products is favored by the. Tourists said happily, follow the tea farmers in the rain tea, tea, tea, to experience a different fun; while visiting the Ancient Town Village Township of ancient buildings, live in farm house, eating rice farmers, dry farmers live, let visitors to the Jiuhua customs more copies of understanding. On the same day, the tourists spots total more than 20000 people, a year-on-year growth of more than 70%.
The first governor of Taiwan Liu Mingchuan home, "Feixi County farm ceremony" was held in three village flower seedling industry base, hundreds of visitors to stroll around the farm, picking vegetables, soil vegetables, experience "the village flower helped tree, household Lvrao door" farm life. Sanhe ancient town scenic actively tap the cultural resources, Hefei city launched the sixth session of the dragon boat race, folk culture performance project of a series of activities.
It is reported, more than sixty percent of tourism resources in rural Anhui, rural tourism around the development must be full of sound and colour, have begun to take a specialization, standardization. Put forward "China Village Tour" theme this year in the National Tourism Bureau, the province also started to "swim the charming village, LAN style farmhouse" as the theme of the rural tourism activity.
The Anhui Provincial Tourism Bureau staff said, the endowment rural tourism resources in Anhui south region has a unique, beautiful ecological environment and profound cultural emblem; ring Chaohu [Gallery] area village near the center city, convenient transportation; Anhui northern area heavy historical and cultural infiltration. "Five one" during the golden week, "Village Tour" is not only favored by the city residents in the province, but also attract the Jiangsu Zhejiang Shanghai many self driving tourists welcome.
"The 'five one' has passed, but the 'field', a small farm house visitors move to save the scene. The concept of small bridges farm scene, listen to words farm situation slang Xiang fun, are deeply imprinted in the mind ", claiming to be still indulge in rural tourism" whirlpool "clerk Wu Qianru said.
