Travel with a travel agency, with the regiment, but because the registration point is different, price level. Visitor Mr. Wong expressed do not understand.
In May 3rd, Mr. Weng and his girlfriend to a price of 420 yuan per person, in the Beijing youth travel agency of domestic tourism two enrolled in the Mount Wutai in Shanxi [] for two day gallery. 5, in the course of play, Mr. Weng learned that same group visitors registration only spent 380 yuan, the tourist is in North CYTS Hepingli business department name.
"The same is a travel agency, the same treatment, but costs less than US $40." Mr. Wong said.
North CYTS Hepingli business department is Beijing travel retail shop, the business department manager Yang said, Mr. Weng place of the tour guides for the Hepingli store guides, tour by Hepingli business department is responsible for. Mr. Weng to participate in tours is scattered spell group, from a different point of application, there are other travel agency. He said, there is no uniform price stipulated in the travel agency internal, there are differences is normal. The traveler and travel agency before signing a contract, price is undetermined, travelers can choose, but for a supply of sth., this is normal commercial behavior. The signing of the contract of tourists and travel agency, said the approval to talk about a good price, service quality does not have the question, does not exist fraud. But he said, the company promised to give Mr. Weng compensation 40 yuan price difference, to settle the matter.
North CYTS domestic tourism two Mr Roh said, two domestic tourism department is the agency directly under the North CYTS, cost accounting is higher than that of the following five one stores, in Shanxi during the Mount Wutai []] [Gallery Gallery praying two day tour of the pricing is 420 yuan. While the following outlets independent operation, self financing, can the independent pricing, advertising costs all costs are lower than the head office, the low price is normal. (Wang Shuo)