Xinhuanet.com Chongqing [Gallery]5 on 8 Dec (reporter Wang Jintao) "five one" during the golden week, Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport inbound passenger departure passengers for the first time exceeded. People believe that tourism industry, which means that after Chongqing directly under the central government, more and more foreign tourists attention.
On May 1st to 7, the Chongqin Jiangbei Airport every passenger volume in more than 20000 people, including incoming passengers departure passengers more than 5000 people, in the golden week calendar year, this is the Chongqing airport arrival passengers departing passengers for the first time exceeded. An airport staff said, inbound and outbound passengers in 90% is out of tourists.
Chongqin Jiangbei Airport is a responsible person analysis said, this year "five one" golden week, Chongqing airport arrival passenger amount more than departure passengers for the first time, on the Chongqing is an amazing change. This year "five one" or "eleven" during the golden week, Chongqing airport outbound tourists than inbound tourists, tourism industry in Chongqing is not optimistic about the end of foreign tourists, just miss the person or opportunity with the "golden opportunity". But now, Chongqing unique charm for tourists are gradually emerging.
Chongqing is an old industrial city, the development of tourism industry has long been slow. Chongqing municipality, decision-makers attach more and more importance to the tourism industry, the state also put tourism industry as the four major industries to support the economic development of the Three Gorges Reservoir area of the first. With the Chongqing city appearance change rapidly, this convergence of two rivers, the unique charm of the mountain gradually by domestic and foreign tourists.
Chongqing Tourism Bureau, a person in charge told the reporter, attract foreign tourists mainly Chongqing Yamashiro Meijing, the Three Gorges of the Yangtze River [Gallery], Fengdu ghost town, the Dazu rock carvings, [Gallery] Jiangjin around the mountain attractions, Cinder Cave, White Residence, Hongyan village "line" is also frequented by tourists attractions resort. (end)