The 7 reporters from the City Tourism Bureau, this year "five one" Golden Week tourism the tourism market continues to heat up. Strong reduction of inbound tourism, outbound tourism is unusually hot, domestic tourism steady growth. The statistical results of the city Bureau of statistics show, in the "five one" during the seven day of the holiday, the city received 3802500 tourists from home and abroad, a year-on-year growth of 4.1%. Among them, the city residents travel is 2151500 person time, grow 5.7% compared to the same period
; reception field to Tianjin tourists is 1651000 person time, grow 2% compared to the same period. In the field to ferry tourists, Beijing tourists 606300 passengers, accounting for the total number of visitors to the field of Tianjin 36.7%. Urban and rural residents to nonlocal tourist total number is 957300 person time, grow 3.1% compared to the same period. "Five one" Golden Week tourism shopping total comprehensive income for 1731000000 yuan, a year-on-year growth of 10.5%. Among them, the tourist income reached 1093000000 yuan, a year-on-year growth of 7.9%.
"Red tourism has become a new bright spot in the five one" golden week. This year "five one" golden week, the city more than 20 red tourism attractions introduced the rich and colorful activities, "tourist Hong Xingyao Tianjin" red tourism lines from the eight party from. Beiping Tianjin Campaign Memorial Hall held a "red flag billowing westerly -- the long march of the Red Army West victory of revolutionary relics exhibition", the new recruits and the students have come here to cherish the memory of martyrs, to accept the education of revolutionary tradition. Zhou Deng Memorial Museum launched the "Zhou Enlai and Bandung Conference and Exhibition", to commemorate the 50 anniversary of the victory of the Bandung Conference held, have thousands of visitors every day. The Anti Japanese revolutionary base Jixian County Panshan martyr cemetery held Anti Japanese struggle deeds display and educational activities of red tourism in adolescents. Zone of peace is the latest by the Tianjin History Museum, the northern Bureau of the CPC and other attractions on site into a series of tourist routes also attracted many tourists.
"Modern China see Tianjin" tourism unique charm. "Modern Chinese see Tianjin" and other characteristics of tourism to Tianjin this leisure have demonstrated the unique charm. By is located in the "European style" plate many style building, former residence of celebrities on the small building of Tianjin swims one day by the vast number of visitors of all ages, five Avenue, Financial Street, Jiefang Road customs center garden French tourism area architecture can be seen everywhere from Beijing and other surrounding areas visitors figure. In Tanggu, "swim one day reading the Haihe River, a hundred years of history" -- Dagu smoke around the Haihe River line by tourists also welcome.
The new attraction comes on stage, bring forth the new through the old old attractions. Golden week seven days, Jixian County launched the new recovery and lower water Sheng, Yunfeng Range Rover, on view three spots become the first choice for tourists to thistle.
The characteristics of tourism are favored. In the "five one" golden week, Jixian County Mao Jiayu, Shi Qu Yuan, Xiqing District, Tanggu District Liu Tan Beitang this city suburban Nongjiale tour has become the focus of people pursued. Residents and tourists flocked to the quiet seaside, mountain village, in the farmyard, enjoy the fun of chastity farm, farm tourism golden week again unpopular. In the Binhai New Area, to participate in the ganhai pick up the visitors too busy to attend to all.
"Five one" during the golden week, commercial enterprises are actively marketing strategy, beautify the shopping environment, carry out rich and colorful business, business paper and industrial and commercial joint and a series of promotional activities, to create a strong festive atmosphere, urban and rural consumer goods market flourishing. It is shown the Municipal Commission of Commerce to the city's 31 key large-scale shopping malls, supermarkets, wholesale markets, shops and catering enterprises to statistics, May 1st to 7, achieved sales of 618475000 yuan, with a year-on-year growth of 25.6%.
The sustained growth of the supermarket sales of large shopping malls, according to quanyechang, Binjiang commercial building 16 large shopping malls, supermarkets and wholesale market statistics, May 1st to 7, achieved sales of 593866000 yuan, an increase of 26.2%.
Catering industry continue to maintain prosperous, "five one" period, the city's major hotel, restaurant brand business continued booming, sales generally maintain growth. The rural market is active, sales hit a new high. (reporter Zhang Lu)
