Xinhuanet.com Guilin [Gallery]5 8 (Chen Ruihua Zhao Jiazhi) reporters from Guangxi Tourism Holiday Office [library] Guilin city to understand, this year "five one" golden week, the tourist city of Guilin City, received 556100 foreign tourists trips, the previous record high of tourism golden week, the full realization of the "safety, order, quality" the goal of unity, efficiency four.
According to preliminary statistics, this year "five one" golden week, Guilin received a total 556100 tourists, a year-on-year growth of 24.46%. Among them, the reception of inbound tourists 51000 passengers, year-on-year growth of 4.08%, 505100 domestic tourists, a year-on-year growth of 27.07%. To realize tourism income is 423000000 yuan, grow 33.43% compared to the same period. Visitors to Guilin tourism satisfaction rate reached 95.9%.
Reportedly, this year "five one" golden week, Guilin launched the "appointment inquiry system" and other measures. Public security, industry and commerce, tourism, prices, transportation and other departments to prepare early, early action, through the comprehensive law enforcement, strictly regulate the order of the tourism market. During the golden week, Longsheng, resources, Yangshuo Gallery, Xingan [] and other key tourism County strictly coordinated command tourism reception work, improve the quality of service. During the golden week, the tourism safety accidents, no complaints on file, service quality and satisfaction of tourists to further enhance.
For this year "five one" golden week holiday tourism market demand, Guilin tourist spots (points) have packaging has launched a new product all kinds of tourism and holiday tourism theme activities, increased the new anticipation. Guilin Yinzi Yan scenic aerial ballet rock climbing competition, Guilin rawmand "who is the hero" activities, Guilin Xishan Park RV Expo carnival, the ancient Guilin east area Creek time trial, Yangshuo Chinese and foreign youth bicycle cross-country fun game activities, enhance participation, experience, attracted a large number of tourists, become a part of golden week tourism the most attractive.
Rural tourism is also this year "five one" golden week highlights. This year is the "rural tourism", to family composition in the form of leisure tourism around the city is increasing, "Nongjiale" tourism and rural leisure tourism product is unusually hot this year "five one" period. According to the self driving car parking problem, the rural scenic spots have before expanding and temporary additional parking berth, alleviate the self drive tourism parking problem, effectively promote the development of the local economy, increase the income of the farmers.