May 3rd to 6, including Shanghai drivers across Lop Nor, there have been 3 batch of outdoor events, "adventure travel" team in distress. As a warning for the future, more and more "tour pal" began to think: in order to temporarily leave the reinforced cement City, to nature "masochism" approach, is correct? Adventure travel is due to rise, "Shenmeipilao"? The "five one", the number of self-service adventure travel why a sharp rise in distress? Adventure tourism experts on this topic the rise of golden week discussed..
"Online tour pal" heat -- adventure travel has become a trend
East China Normal University tourism department director Lou Jiajun said, China's implementation of the "five one" long, greatly released the city residents travel, the desire for consumption, drive the development of the tourism industry. As people income and accumulation of travel experience, some people have produced a kind of "aesthetic fatigue" on the traditional tourist attractions, each holiday plus, attractions surging too crowded too. They began to yearn for, looking for a fresh tourism products, such as desert, mountain climbing expedition to.
The reporters found that in several outdoor tourism website, "five one" golden week let these sites to a boil, "tour pal" they all together, in general, a post called "tour pal", one week will have more than a dozen people gentie response, talk a good set of time points will set off immediately, the reporter found, these destinations for few people tread place, your people do not understand their own place to go. But the post is usually clear, once the accident, irresponsible organizer.
The lack of self knowledge -- "empiricism" to pay the high tuition fees
Lou Jiajun said, in fact, the so-called outdoor sports, adventure, a few years ago has quietly started, but in the City suburb near some hills. Until the last one or two years, some people have begun to Inner Mongolia [], Tibet [] Gallery Gallery there go.
"Problem followed. These self-help adventure tourists face a new environment, even hidden danger, still uses a past travel experiences. The latter is in an accumulation of safe travel experience of self-service adventure travel, a little help." Lou Jia army for example, such as the dozens of tourists in the Inner Mongolia desert trapped after the incident occurred, I found that they do not have the basic knowledge in dangerous environment, self protection for help.
He said, on the other hand, the relevant administrative department has not been able to make early training in the blank, "abroad, adventure training before being incorporated into the leisure education, must advance."
Lou Jiajun said, the accumulation of experience in using the traditional tourism, to deal with the new adventure, we may have to pay a lot of tuition.
The manager didn't have the necessary intelligence
"'self torture Tour' is purely for his own life to do a bet." Shanghai City professional outdoor sports manager Lu Linda says. "Everyone is not clear natural destination will be more bad, what is going to happen to me, his physique, can do this high intensity physical consumption." He told reporters, long time sitting office white-collar majority there will be physical degradation, while they themselves do not understand, they just give your life to the leader's hands. And this kind of self torture tour leader itself does not have enough qualified. Reporters from the only outdoor swim training qualified Chinese Mountaineering Association to understand, until last year, Chinese began a professional outdoor tour leader training, but after training scanty.
"Such as the desert terrain, with the wind always changes, as long as the sand after a walk, immediately will be lost, in addition, walkers carry water volume to be decided according to their physical quality, many people think that as long as more water is no problem, in fact, in the desert, the day a large number of drinking water with potentially fatal consequences." Lu Linda said, heatstroke even in the desert, rescue methods due to different circumstance differ in thousands of ways.
Again, China outdoor swimming is still a lack of legal support, "in foreign countries, there are legal constraints outdoor tourism specialized, including liability issues after it occurs, and in the China, an accident, if the victim is not charged, the leader is not responsible."
Reminder: "conquer nature" state of mind not to
Shanghai Normal University School of tourism, tourism vice president "science" magazine company president Gao Jun said, adventure travel is not to conquer nature, is to understand nature, centering on the adventure of a series of professional training. First of all to have a basic knowledge of geography, but also can see the topographic map, contour line will see, can correctly read the exact location on the map, know where the nearest village distance and how much, conditions can also mobilize the satellite remote sensing image. Secondly, some basic survival course. The simplest example is the field of drinking water problem, how reasonable water, no water how can find water to drink water, in what place, what drink what water, water can not drink...... Beginners do not have such experience, must look for the person that has experience coaching. Finally is the psychology training. In the wild, once produce an accident, such as getting lost, trapped, no field experience may be confound at, feel be isolated and helpless, tourists want to learn self debugging mood.
Suggestion: the traditional attractions can update products
As a tourism planning experts, suggest Lou Jia Jun: for the next golden week, the traditional attractions Is it right? Consider updating their products, increase the number of challenging
