Beijing of China News Service on seven May, (reporter Wu Qingcai) statistics Beijing city holiday tourism work leading group office seven issued a display, this year "five one" during the golden week, Beijing received four million four hundred and eighty thousand domestic tourists, brought to Beijing a total tourism income of 3920000000 yuan.
In four million four hundred and eighty thousand visitors, other provinces and cities visitors one million nine hundred and seventy thousand people, Beijing people swim in Beijing number for two million five hundred and ten thousand people.
These visitors brought to Beijing 3920000000 yuan in tourism revenue, including other provinces and cities of tourists in the Beijing tourism consumption of 3610000000 yuan; Beijing residents in Beijing tour consumption of 310000000 yuan.
"Five one" period, Beijing City hotels average rental rate of sixty-three percent, the hotel guest house is average rental rate is sixty-six percent, the suburbs Holiday Hotel average occupancy rate of fifty-five percent. Tourists in Beijing tourism satisfaction for ninety-two percent. The data of the basic flat with the same period last year.
According to the introduction, this year "five one" during the Beijing hospitality volume previous golden week highest, travel agency, tourist attractions, accommodation facilities for the reception and folk custom tourism reception overall growth. Among them, the Badaling Great Wall received volume hit the best levels in history, the Imperial Palace received volume of close to two over the same period 00 year historical maximum.
The five one period also is a prominent feature of tourism, tourists per capita consumption has increased, the field to Beijing tourists spend an average of one thousand eight hundred and thirty-five yuan, a year-on-year growth of about one percent, the main reason is that in the shopping and sightseeing spending to increase the proportion of. Beijing local tourists spend an average of one hundred and twenty-four yuan, than the same period last year increased by about one into three, mainly catering and entertainment aspects of consumption increase. Finish
