3 days, a female tourists were killed in Beijing when walking through the Kubuqi desert. Our correspondent Pufeng perturbation
The Wulateqianqi electric yesterday afternoon, this reporter saw in the near "solo" desert expedition in distress Mingsha mountain scenic area, scenic night Mingsha erected just "prohibits desert adventure activities" in any way warning sign. Yang Manager Night scenic Mingsha said distress "solo" expedition should not enter the desert from the formal attractions, regular spots does not allow visitors to no guide alone walking through the desert. Notice, warning signs with the legislation from the night desert Mingsha scenic area 1 km, "no hiking adventure, otherwise the consequences" of the notice in the wind "whir" sound. "The brand already erected." Yesterday afternoon, the scenic spot of the night manager Yang said, Beijing female tourists in the desert expedition died later, scenic area in May 4th and killed in the incident near the Mingsha mountain scenic area set up warning signs, "any organization or individual from now, there shall be no desert exploration activities in any way". Yang said the manager, in accordance with the regulations, all from the formal entry into the desert of visitors, there must be a scenic spot guide, at the same time, tourists also arranged a camel load. "Distress of tourists in Beijing should not from the formal entry into the desert." Yang said the manager, "solo" caravan routes from Mingsha, seven star lake at night across the desert, all three line forty kilometers, "desert guide had to walk for two days." Are the dunes in the desert, the actual distance is two or three times the distance in a straight line, very easy to get lost. The scenic spot before organization tourists walking through the desert, the distance is 5 to 10 kilometers, interval with rest station, and guides the way. "It is dangerous to explore." Manager Yang said. Most tourists know "solo" distress "television and newspapers have reported." Yesterday afternoon, to Mingsha mountain tourism several dial the most tourists know Beijing female tourist desert killed things. And they said, is to have a look to the desert landscape, feel, "desert adventure is no laughing matter, then a young girl died, parents can't live." Yesterday afternoon, Wulateqianqi gas station, three or four workers were still talking Beijing female tourist killed things. These days, the only precious Tara town masses almost meet will talk about "how is that several children in Beijing?" "We also play, who would want to...". Yesterday morning, the victims body send female tourists to the funeral parlor "solo" female members sad speechless. The funeral home guard said that these young people will never come to this desert. - related news Wuhan seven visitors Kuby distress rescue workers arrived, seven people have been out of the troubled desert newspaper Wulateqianqi electric yesterday afternoon 2 when Xu, the first four exploration team of more than 60 people were rescued from the desert after the success of Kuby, there are seven Wuhan Ji tour pal from Mingsha near night escape. Yesterday afternoon 1 when Xu, only your Tara town police station was empty, the reporter from the waiter at the hotel next door to understand, because tourists again in distress, all police forces were sent to at night near the Mingsha involved in rescue operations. 3 hours later, the night singing sand scenic area entrance the staff said, trapped in the desert several explorers and local police, scenic wizard has returned, no casualties. According to the staff of Hangjinqi Tourism Bureau Li Xiansheng said, at noon that day, they received visitors alarm, was informed that 7 Wuhan tour pal due to lack of drinking water, Tilibuzhi trapped in a distance less than 10 kilometers of the night singing sand in the desert. Tourism Bureau immediately made contact with the police, and quickly organized the familiar with the terrain and the police together to guide visitors to send water. "In fact, the situation is not as bad as we imagine." Mr Li said the rescue personnel arrived at the scene before the seven Alice has been out of the desert. - news background self-help swims five one rapid warming according to a well-known search web search results: five one long holiday eve, Internet users in the formulation of the long vacation travel plans, "China tourism map" in April 25th to become the fastest rising sixth search words, search volume is 782 person / times. Among the many ways of traveling, "map" "Raiders" self-help necessary information become netizens will search words. The site launched in the Golden Week tourism projects, on-line since April 20th to 26, receives the user submitted the travel of 1051 papers, the website browses a quantity to be amounted to 50000; in the website tieba, "journey" is one of the most popular bar one, as of 26, a total number of 7675 theme a 30865 article, the number of postings. - Reflection and rescue "public rescue system is basically blank" senior field runner Hu Deng said the police and government departments may not have specialized field ability of rescue the newspaper news Sina travel version of the moderator, the National People's Congress psychological counseling room teacher Hu Dengceng participated in several field through activities. He told reporters, according to the experience of the five one is more sandstorm season, is not suitable to the desert. Hu Deng believes that the current domestic public rescue system is still blank, public security and government departments may not have professional field rescue ability. In view of this desert danger no helicopter rescue problem, Hu Deng said: "at present in the domestic use of helicopter rescue is not the reality, the Department of public security and traffic Taiwan owned helicopter is a light helicopter, flight range is very narrow, usually in a few
