"Cheshi road" missing 3 tourists blindness
Xinhua news agency, May 6th morning, the Xinjiang Armed Police Corps [library] Changji Hui Autonomous Prefecture, Turpan detachment [Gallery] area detachment have received the relevant departments of the local government and public security departments of communications -- Mongolia Autonomous Prefecture of 31 Bayinguoleng outdoor sports lovers missing in crossing the Tianshan "Cheshi road"!
In May 1st, Bayinguoleng Mongolia Autonomous Prefecture, an outdoor supplies shop worker Zhou Ping, 43 outdoor sports enthusiasts from the Turpan River along the starting Town, walking through the "Cheshi road" exploration activities. On the way, they encounter the snow weather, in addition to the 12 people in advance of safely crossing, the remaining 31 people were caught in a snowstorm, including 5 children, 13 the biggest years old, the youngest 6 years old.
- mountain rains and snows, search and rescue work is very difficult
"Cheshi road" is a part of the ancient Silk Road, mountain road is about 50 kilometers, with an average elevation of 2500 meters, divide "Chungtak ban" 3400 meters above the sea level, Qi, insurance, quiet, male in a body, is the ideal route of outdoor sports enthusiasts travel adventure, range rover.
3 to 5 days, "has over 12 people Chungtak ban", commissioned by the local herdsmen hill in search of the lost people. However, the herdsmen only in "Chungtak ban" found near the missing discarded tents. It is reported, every tourist carrying only 3 days of dry food.
Received a distress message, the Xinjiang Armed Police Corps immediately ordered the Turpan area, Changji detachment detachment to dispatch search and rescue squad rescue.
The 6 day early morning 6 am, Turpan detachment commander Zhang Xingfu was ordered to lead the 25 officers and men to search from the river along the town of Jimsar county to the direction of.
Early morning 7 am, Changji crew chief led 15 soldiers along the Jimsar County Tian Zi Jie Zhen - - "Cheshi road" direction search. The mountain snow continuously, the drop of temperature, the search and rescue work is very difficult.
- "say what also didn't think still alive out!"
At eleven thirty PM, the Xinjiang Armed Police Corps deputy chief of staff, Xie Wendong led the Qianzhi personnel rushed to the Turpan River along the. To the river edge, Turpan received a detachment of rescue personnel briefing, a missing tourists walk 11 hours down the mountain by the herdsmen rescued. The visitor is introduced, also the 30 missing tourists at present in Dabancheng area high Ya Zi pasture area, there have been two days without eating, and there are many people cold, foot frostbite.
So, Qianzhi personnel immediately brought were tourists, along the high Ya Zi River deep mountain pastures, search.
Shortly into the mountains, a river dam blocking the way. Rescued tourists missing persons is introduced, along the river walk. The officers and men on the back of food, medicines, top grade seven or eight mountain breeze, stepping on the river difficult bumpy forward.
Two hours later, anaphoric personnel through the telescope was found at 800 meters in front of two in mountaineering teams along the river bed before. The officers and soldiers immediately Ying up, after asking that the rest of the missing visitors all in front of a flood of open land to rest.
The tourists were rescued, including 3 people who have suffered from blindness, many people's legs were frozen, several children face already desquamate. The officers and men hurriedly to distribute food and beverage for them, and watch the injury for the wounded, distribution of drugs.
After a rest, the officers and men carrying the child, with the help of leg and foot frostbite of visitors to the Yamashita Takako ranch, aggregation. The most repeated words visitors along the way: "say what also didn't think still alive out!"
