The five one year period, travel and exploration of frequent accidents, become the focus of the golden week. In recent years, more people began to like the return to nature tourism, more and more people to participate in outdoor sports to a variety of exploration properties, but the risk bring the sport but let us continue to pay a heavy price.
Xinhua news agency, "five one" golden week is coming to an end, the national holiday office 7 released the "five one" golden week Tourism Information Bulletin No. eighth show, during the golden week of national large experience travel safety accident 11.
May 7th at 6 pm, the national jiariban received Gansu province holiday office report, May 6th 13, one from Holland and Norway tourists by spontaneous composition of the team in baishiya Xiahe County in Gansu province karst cave tour, a Holland tourists accidentally crashed into a cave of death. The local public security, tourism and other departments to rescue, the accident is under treatment process.
According to statistics, in 11 accidents, a total of 19 tourists died, 23 people injured, 90 people were rescue. Among them, 4 traffic accidents, 14 people were killed, 20 injured; water activity of 2 accidents, 1 people were killed, 3 injured; desert adventure trapped 4 cases, 3 deaths, 90 people were rescued 1 people died in an accidental fall. A prominent feature of the occurrence of safety accidents is non professional organization of individual travel activity increase, beyond the scope of the reception and organization of tourism security.
During the golden week, the national holiday office received all kinds of telephone 361, of which 255 telephone complaints, mainly concentrated in some of the attractions of the service quality of scenic spots, the hotel low service is not in place, the travel agency does not offer on service and traffic delays, remedial measures timely issues. Compared with previous years, the number of tourist complaints decreased after complaints, basic can be timely and effective treatment.
When the thing person said
"Green" tour pal: do not let the tragedy
In May 6th, 7, green forum dozens of tour pal will discuss the content from the speculation and mourning, turn to a more rational reflection and lessons. Some people think that we should do what, try not to let the tragedy.
A title is "we need to see in Xiaoqian accident inside the" post, lists the ten causes of the accident, such as the lack of preparation, overestimate their strength, the choice of routes and walking time and other defects, and puts forward: "other donkey are should be able to find more problems come out, let everybody reference to avoid."
There are tour pal think, this was an accident, "because he dared to take people into the desert and old must be passed over in one's mind, and quite grasp." In addition we quite understand the leader situation, has been in the forum told each other don't disturb him.
A number of solo and Xiaoqian familiar green tour pal MSN nickname into Memorial Xiaoqian words. LQ (a pseudonym) five one almost went to the Kubuqi, because of other reasons not take place. He felt for the tour pal who, in addition to sad and sorry, and lessons need to sum up, there are many, but these need to constantly sum up, more standardized around outdoor activities.
Yesterday, Kubuqi Desert adventure for another five one during the team returned safely to Beijing, convened by ID for the "valley of the wind", "VICON", "snow snow" composed of three leader group. "We are fully in accordance with the original plan to walk independently." Hand they expressed willingness to share experiences and more people, will sort out some of the roadmap, travel arrangement, equipment, players and the road to Oz, friends can learn some things. But VICON and valley has been in the telling of the expedition through the process of great concern, in this sensitive time, they worry that caused by psychological pressure to the solo team.
　　One of the valley of wind team successful premise is they do try to make full preparations, "our preparatory period is one month and a half or so, the light in all aspects of information prepared nearly 200 pages. But this time we bring enough water, success is the result of the efforts of the collective."
After the preparation stage in the two tour, the leader group firmly rejected several physical unqualified, but VICON admits, judge the physical circumstances of each person according to is the manager's experience, there is no hard and fast indicators. Yamase Kufu said, the team's overall quality is the key to ensure "know how to refuse", because life than human important, reject unqualified members is responsible for himself, but for the whole team collective responsibility, but more critical is the players, "the leader in some aspects like the parents worry about, tired and happy. But in the self-help outdoor activities, everyone should have the awareness and ability to know how to take good care of yourself, prepare for their various aspects should be done, including mental, physical and other equipment etc.."
The experts
Self exploration activities should establish related association
Hu Deng: psychological consulting centre of Renmin University of China Dr., Sina tourism forum moderators, started in 1988 as a backpack
Hu Deng on the base of Kubuqi Desert in distress: currently self-help outdoor sports at home and field exploration activities are in urgent need of specification.
"One of the biggest problems of this exposure is, a lot of tourists to go to place the lack of basic recognition ability." Hu Deng said, "before the five one weather has said, during the long cold air activity, there will be dust weather in the northern region, but there are still so many people involved in the library Butch desert, risk awareness is too weak."
He said that in many foreign countries, exploration is by the relevant association norms, at the same time the association also bear the region responsible for the rescue mission, to participate in the expedition people must hold the appropriate level of the "licence", otherwise the ability of basic protection, rescue and self-help do not have, in the face of unexpected cannot dispose of.
"The 'solo' team distress exposes an organization problem, the leader's role is to organize and coordinate. As long as the activities are not reap economic benefits, so 'organizational behavior solo' itself should not be blamed." He also stressed that "but as the team leader, before must have a basic understanding of their players, dead girl is' new 'in this field, take her to be quite indiscreet."
He thinks that the library Butch desert incident, distress players, especially the "solo" team members need to ease the psychological pressure.
"The first is in distress, and then see companion died but could do nothing, is a heavy blow to all team members." He was worried that these young people will have a psychological shadow, "psychological quality and weak people thereafter may get depression for a long time, they need psychological counselling, or 'the psychological crisis intervention'." Hu Deng said, "in this regard, while there is no relevant systems and regulations issued after the disaster, but more and more people psychological trauma to pay attention, the distress of the travelers are in need of such treatment."
The official position
Travel, adventure travel new topic security
In May 4th 5, 3 tourist groups in Beijing city in 42 people in the desert adventure activities due to lost trapped Erdos city in Kubuqi desert. The local government and public security departments and rescue, three tourist groups rescued. One of the visitors died of a sudden illness.
National holiday office responsible person said, this year "five one" golden week, travel, tourism and leisure of the decentralization trend more obvious. Since the drive is the largest number of holiday tourism travel form; hiking, adventure, eco-tourism and other individual travel in "five one" period is to select the largest amount of tourism, the characteristics of individual travel is dispersed staff, run deep, optional sex is big, the safeguard condition is poor, prone to tourism safety accidents of all kinds of scattered, to further increase the difficulty of risk prevention and control.
The national jiariban 7 bulletin said, the golden week overall security, good order. The occurrence of larger experience travel safety accident 11, a total of 19 tourists killed and 23 people were injured, 90 people were rescue. A prominent feature of the occurrence of safety accidents is non professional organization of individual travel activity increase, beyond the scope of the organization's security of tourists.
Liu Xiaojun of vice director of comprehensive coordination department of the National Tourism Administration said, a golden week there were 4 desert adventure trapped in the event description, including desert exploration, personalized tourism supply and demand of tourists are very inadequate preparation. A pressing matter of the moment is for planning, design, standards related to the project as soon as possible to develop work. He said, "five one" after the National Tourism Bureau and the China Insurance Regulatory Commission to accelerate the work of the travel insurance.
- / Xinhua News Agency
