Xinhuanet.com Beijing 8 May report (reporter Zhang Yi) reporter 8, learned from the Ministry of Commerce, this year "five one" golden week, the domestic commodity market rich and colorful, gouxiaoliangwang. According to the analysis of the Ministry of Commerce in May 1st monitoring, 7 days, the national total retail sales of social consumer goods 278000000000 yuan, a year-on-year increase of 16%, of which, the catering industry growth rate of about 18%.
The Ministry of Commerce Department of market operation analysis that the "five one" golden week, the domestic market has five features:
A large business popular, Caiyuanguangjin. 1 - 7, 1000 retail enterprises of national key monitoring achieved sales of nearly 50000000000 yuan, a year-on-year increase of 18%, an increase of about 20% passenger flow.
Two is the commodity market highlights outstanding, consumption structure upgraded significantly. Gold, brand home appliances, small displacement cars become the golden week market highlights, library, convenience food, clothing, shoes and hats, seasonal flowers such as selling.
Three is to continue to hot food market, wedding consumption is booming. Shanghai each big guesthouse, hotel wedding near bursting, a predetermined amount far exceeds the level of the same period last year. Beijing City wedding consumption is showing a personalized features, more and more young people choose the seabed wedding ceremony, wedding, such as bungee jumping Balloon Wedding personalized wedding form.
Four farmers producing two not mistake, "Nongjiale" still attractive. "Five one" period, Nanjing [library] more than 100 "Nongjiale" tourism projects were realize business income is about 60000000 yuan. Xinjiang Urumqi County [Gallery] farmers use their garden, orchard Office of the leisure and sightseeing, dining and entertainment tourism service project, attracted a large number of tourists, some "Nongjiale" project as early as in the preganglionic been booked.
Five is the adequate supply of daily necessities market, overall price stability. Adequate supply of daily necessities market around, rich varieties, prices remained stable overall, there is no obvious fluctuation. The festival is expected to grain prices will continue to maintain a smooth, but with the weakening of consumption demand, meat and egg prices will drop slightly.
