Xinhuanet.com Shanghai channel reporter Zhang Jiansong reported in May 4th launched the "Shanghai five one" on the eve of the ten quality of rural tourism line, in recent days to Shanghai citizens and tourists to provide a good place for leisure and sightseeing. Have a look around the country roads, pastoral scenery, smell the water breath, away from the city hustle and bustle of the city, all revel in the thick of the native hometown in.
According to the Shanghai City Holiday Office statistics, only in May 1st, Shanghai South [library] exchange of fresh flower harbor on the 2200 tourists trips, Jinshan Fengjing ancient town and beach 15000 passengers were tourists; Qingpu Zhujiajue town tourists 7200 passengers; Fengxian Bay Tourism Area 18000 tourists.
On the outskirts of Shanghai Fengjing town of Jinshan peasant painting village, nestled in the green bamboos and trees, ancient village appears. The old Jiangnan area with small bridges, hut the garden flowers, fish ponds, a warm bright colors, simple pen and ink rendering full Jinshan people mood. Much to the guests came to the town to enjoy a promenade, small bridges, flowing water, enjoy the "well slave Oh miles restaurant" authentic Jinshan peasant food, also can be to pick fresh harmless vegetable garden fruits and vegetables home.
Chongming Qianwei village both city scenery, and pastoral poetry, visitors can eat rice farmers, live in farm house, dry farmers live, enjoy the music farm here, as a "real" family. Shanghai Fengxian's second session of sea Festival has staged a grand, beach sightseeing car, ATV Motorcycle, inertia speed etc. interesting activities.
Nanhui Shanghai Flower Port tulip flower show in the new garden "five one" during the planting of more than 100 varieties of 300000 tulip, in addition, also planted a geranium, New Guinea Impatiens, Daisy, pineapple and all kinds of flowers of about 2000000 strains, the whole display garden embellishment colors in different poses and with different expressions, five. In a continuous line of tourists in flowers, indulge in pleasures without stop.
Composed of trails, green ring area east Holiday Garden and Luo shop Nordic new town "Baoshan Tourism Leisure Tours", in recent days has attracted a lot of tourists. The green lawn area, ecological wetland, pavilion, wooden bridge, everywhere is leisurely crowd. Visitors can also learn about agricultural technology development history and future and characteristic agriculture in Agricultural Science Museum, also can be in the mini baby pet base and rare small animal close to.
Around the suburbs, try the farm "coarse food danfan", naturally become the tourists love, Ding hoof Shanghai Qingpu tie meat, smoked green beans, Nanxiang xiaolongbao, TSAT Po, Chongming snacks boiled mutton, Jinshan, have become popular cuisine. (end)
