(reporter Liu Ke photo coverage of Europe in) this year "five one" golden week, the city's major scenic spots (spots) tourism is booming, and rural tourism project in full swing. Since this year, "China Rural Tourism in Leshan [library] rural tourism" campaign started, my city throughout the rural tourist attractions around the respective characteristics, and strive to upgrade, the "five one" golden week, a new image of the rural tourism attractions not only attracted local residents to leisure, but also attracted a large number of Chengdu [library] and Meishan [] and other places overseas visitors gallery.
Returning farm to enjoy a rural life
In recent days, filed to private cars is in line to central city suburban Nongjiale Jian Zi Shan area rural highway up to allow reporters to really experience the golden week of the fiery. Took advantage of a rare seven days holiday, flowers and green courtyard, a strong local flavor of the cabin, pure ecological farm dishes become a tourist hot spot of sought after, tourists and the public have come to the tranquil village, enjoy the simple pleasure of farm.
In Jian Zi Shan at the foot of a company called "Tao Zhu Yuan" Nongjiale, private car in the yard playing hall crowded. The farm owner Ms. Wang smiled and said, "this year golden week reception amount in more than a hundred a day, every day to receive visitors limit, several times more than usual." The reporter notices, some more later visitors have to go everywhere to find the position of.
"In the city life for a long time, just want to find a picturesque scenery, away from the hustle and bustle of the city where a good rest, relax." In such as visitors from Chengdu, reporter met Mr. Yang, a family of three. Is cool tea farm of Mr. Yang call a spade a spade and said, can not only enjoy the beautiful ecological environment in the farm, but also experience the unique peasant style, these are the farmhouse charm.
Loquat matchmaking tourists covered the mountain village
Leshan in May, the sun is shining, the sun that ripe yellow loquat is a scene of great. Yesterday morning, the reporter saw in the central city car town "gold yuan" Nongjiale, many tourists are the yard each seeking happiness on the table are placed a plate of the host served yellow loquat. Car town of loquat sweet, tender, let the taste of tourists surprise, many people have asked to the orchard to buy some to take home. The farmhouse is located in rural, around are full of dirt and grass smell. On the way into the farmhouse, the reporter saw in small groups, or hold an umbrella, or laughing playful people. Once I only know they also tourists, they are farm service personnel or local villagers under the leadership personally pick loquat. Many of the tourists is the first time to pick loquat, thought to eat their own hand picked fresh loquat, especially excited. Close to the farm fields, the taste of fresh fruit, let here "five one" boiling up. According to the person in charge of introduction, they gold yuan these days every day to receive two hundred or three hundred tourists, there are a lot of tourists still come all the way from Chengdu, Meishan and other places came, many visitors are directed to the fruit. Not only is this so, the reporter found several nearby farmhouse tourist is full, a truly exciting.
Golden week new fashion experience farm
This year "five one" golden week, the main tourist attractions in the city (point) is prosperous, at the same time the farmhouse became extremely unpopular, especially to experience farm flavor, taste local food, fruit farm are the first choice of the people. Understand according to the reporter, Jiajiang county city of Fengshan Cun, Wutongqiao District, Qianwei Guan Ying Zhen Min Dongxiang abounds in loquat place, all caught up in good season, ushered in a large number of tourists. Many farm tourists than usual doubled since owners are busy and happy. From Meishan's Mr. Li told reporters that he chose to come to Leshan, mainly because there are many farmhouse, provides experience the farm life project, changed in the past to farm in addition to eat bean curd rice is playing status. Really relax and let people get physical and mental experience farm flavor in the.
