The newspaper Ji'nan news in May 7th "five one" golden week, the province received 15369000 tourists, a year-on-year increase of 21.1%, tourism revenue of 8660000000 yuan, a year-on-year growth of 27.5%, the main index of more than 16 months before the golden week highest level, like a record.
The passenger flow to the blowout
Golden Week local tourism demand home-based continued strong. 3 days ago, the province most of the attractions of the hot degree is not inferior to the first golden week passenger flow blowout. Just open the peak Jining Agricultural High-tech Expo visitors to 10000 people. In May 1st, the Anqiu Qingyunshan tickets income reached 530000 yuan, 650000 yuan 5 years ago set at. Yishui's underground galleries and other scenic spots income doubled over the same period last year. Such as Qufu old scenic spot also rose as high as 40%.
Tourism in underdeveloped areas, tourism presents bigger growth momentum. On May 1st to 3, Heze peony garden and other local 3 main city park received 144000 visitors, tickets income is 5690000 yuan, most of the record.
Although the golden week after the rainy weather half, but after the rain of the beauty and let visitors with new surprises. In May 6th, Ji'nan Baotu Spring scenic tourists 15000 passengers, Jining North Lake Tourism Resort received 24000 visitors, continue to maintain high situation. According to the survey of the major scenic spots, more than the number of self driving tour has accounted for 50% of the volume of the reception area, tourist attractions parking lot full every day.
Compared with the early visitors blowout, the "five one" on the hot spot of many local travel or swim around, increasing new attractions also billabong part of the tourists, and therefore did not appear the phenomenon of congestion.
The farmer surge in visitors
With the increase in household income of rural residents, tourism is gradually becoming the new hot spot of consumption. "Five one" period, from rural tourists have become "an important source of local tour".
May 1st morning, queuing on the outskirts of Liaocheng Jiangdi park entrance tickets in the crowd, there are about half of people from nearby villages and towns, 10 yuan / person tickets for many ordinary peasant family accepted. Ji'nan Baotu Spring, Daming Lake, Qianfo Hill Gallery, zoo fare is 15 yuan / person, there are a large number of farmers visitors enter. The free Ji'nan botanical garden, is they brought the children to the provincial capital of a tour of choice. According to the Ji'nan Jiangshan travel agency staff introduced, golden week tourists travelling with a group of farmers are also increasing, the line for Qingdao, Yantai, Weihai, Rizhao coastal city in the province of short trips.
Some experts expected, the next few years, farmers "City Tour" of the rapid growth of consumer demand. However, at present our city has not specifically for farmers to visitors to the service of the travel agencies and tour bus, and is suitable for the consumption level of peasants in the low number of hotels rarely, be worth to cause the attention of the relevant departments.
Golden week effect should be extended at both ends
Golden week before and after the April and May has become a tourism "gold month", which undoubtedly pulled the golden week extended at both ends.
Since April, our province has begun to enter the group around the tourist season, the amount of each big travel than previous growth. Unlike in previous years, "five one" golden week the first day that ushered in the peak reception, the province's 100 key monitoring tourist area (point) welcome a visitor nearly 1400000 person time, grow 38% compared to the same period. Buoyant continued until golden week later. 1 to 7 days, the province's major scenic area reception quality keep up more than 20% of high growth. In addition to weather factors, tourist overall scale expansion, the phenomenon was not obvious change radically.
Price and comfort factors to consider a lot of people, the choice of the late or travel golden week after the golden week, thus forming a "Golden Week tourism" small peak, especially long-term travel peak, is expected to continue through May. Reporter from the Shandong Yintong travel, Shandong travel agencies to know, choose the postganglionic long-term such as Lijiang, Guilin, Zhangjiajie, the Guizhou team focused on the May 8th 10 day trip, the price is cheap, 20% golden week.
