The province received 20010000 tourists trips, tourism and the overall efficiency of 46000000000 yuan to achieve
Golden week I tourism income 9590000000
"Golden week the province's area of a piece of red!" Provincial Tourism Bureau says about the personage. A group of data reporters from Henan province was informed that the holiday office also confirmed this sentence: tourists 20010000 passengers, year-on-year growth of 48.2%, tourism revenue of 9590000000 yuan, a year-on-year growth of 48.4%, realize the comprehensive benefits of tourism 46000000000 yuan, grow 48.4% compared to the same period.
Five one golden week, the tourism market of one climax after another, the size of the market continues to expand, the number of tourist reception and tourism income growth, a new record high.
The main scenic spots of tourists
According to the introduction, this year "five one" golden week, I swim, swim, ancient roots Province martial arts, travel landscape, rural tourism generally unpopular, the main scenic spots are saturated. Shaolin Temple [] [] Longmen Grottoes Gallery, gallery, on the Qingming River Park and other cultural tourism over the same period last year 25.8%. Yuntai Mountain, Qingtian River, Baiyun Mountain, Baotianman etc. landscape tourism growth of 12.3% over the same period last year, Nongjiale tour, rural tourism, suburban travel was popular trend, than the same period last year rose more than 70%. On May 1st to 6, Baotianman, re channel ferry ten scenic spots, because too many tourists, more than 10000 visitors have been split every day, Yuntai Mountain is more than 2 people were shunt. The main tourist city and the scenic area of the hotel, the hotel full, even the scenic area has also been snapped up the tent.
Self driving vehicles parked scenic spot
It is understood, improve traffic construction, makes the self driving tour has become the mainstream mode of tourism, leading to major scenic road heavy traffic on the street.
Provincial Holiday Office statistics show, since driving accounted for 40% of the total number of tourists, including Beijing, Shandong, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Zhejiang, Guangdong and other foreign vehicles accounted for 40% strong. The province received a total 9600000 tourists accounted for all the provinces, to receive the quantity 48%.
The expert inside course of study thinks, tourist structure change, marks the province's tourism to the track of healthy development.
Related industry prosperity together
Tourism hot also stimulating the development of related industries. Compared with previous years, visitors from other provinces to extend the retention time, drives traffic, accommodation, catering, communication and consumption.
According to statistics, the new Xinzheng airport 52 flights, Zhengzhou Railway Bureau, 23 additional temporary trains, Zhengzhou transit company to increase public transport vehicles more than 700 train. Ten percent Capital Hotel, entertainment, shopping, food and beverage consumption grew.
Recommend to the tourists
It is understood, my province puts forward "don't let a visitor in Henan to be wronged" tourism service requirements, building a "warm Henan, visitors first" service system, both to the left a good impression to visitors, and make these tourists have become a propaganda force. In our province last year, domestic and foreign tourists 100000000 people, these people propaganda great potential. According to the survey, more than 50% of the visitors are relatives and friends recommend.
Tourism market keen orderly
As to maintain the order of the tourism market, various departments have open complaints hotline, the establishment of tourist service center, strengthening the construction of traffic and the waiter, tour guides, interpreters and other tourism window service system. The province's public security, traffic, industry and commerce, quality supervision, security and other departments to cooperate, to ensure safe and steady through the golden week.
Face to face investigation situation of 10000 tourists from the Provincial Tourism Administration issued 10000 copies of questionnaire and the Provincial Tourism Bureau, tourists satisfaction rate of 95%, most of the tourists are not only highly praised Henan beautiful environment, more praise the Henan overall image is good.
In addition, this year "five one" golden week holiday tourism province do handled 42 complaints, all good solution.
Zheng, Kaifeng, Los component gold line
In addition, high-quality goods scenic drive effect is prominent. From the provincial Holiday Office survey situation, in recent years our province tourism development main reason is faster "3.1" scenic quality plays a leading role in.
According to introducing, Zheng, Kaifeng, Luo "3.1", famous degree tall, strong in culture, building a mature, foreign, foreign tourists are attracted to the more than 60%.
Golden week Yucheng golden season
Hot tourism market there is a reason, all the activities done well: the first China central (Henan) tourism trade fair, the first Huang Di hometown Baizu ceremony and other large-scale activities, Russian President Putin to visit Shaolin Temple...... This promotes the image of Henan.
According to the provincial holiday office prediction, the province's major tourist city hotel, hotel rooms and high occupancy rate sustainable to the end of 6, the capital of each big travel reception plan has been ranked by June, golden week will be stretched as the golden season.
　Tourism problems to be solved
At the same time, the tourism boom, many problems exist in tourism institutions still can not be ignored.
It is understood, cancel the examination and approval of fixed-point vehicle travel after, a large number of social vehicles into the tourism market. This year "five one" golden week, Zhengzhou tourist vehicles appear car company arbitrarily raise the price, the driver route unfamiliar, bad service attitude, the capacity of the vehicle condition issues such as the poor, the travel agency repercussions.
In addition, some scenic spots are not fully prepared, so that the tourist facilities are not enough, visitors to play a project to wait for 1 to 2 hours; the scenic part of health status is poor, crowded, cleaning toilets are not timely phenomenon; individual area surrounding and interior sightseeing sign is not clear, causing inconvenience to the self driving tourists.
Tourism experts think, tourism has entered the national consumption stage, the construction of various facilities should be more perfect.
Looking to the future and create fine
Yesterday, the Provincial Tourism Bureau on the "five one" Golden Week tourism boom, proposed the implementation of scenic quality drive strategy, build Shaolin Temple international tourism products.
At present, the Provincial Tourism Bureau has to straighten out the management system of Shaolin Temple to carry out research, and around increase Shaolin scenic meditation, exercise and other visitors to participate in strong project and service facilities to conduct special studies, in order to promote the "Zen Shaolin music ceremony staged" as soon as possible, as soon as bigger and stronger and less forest tourism brand, promote the development of faster and better the province's tourism industry.
At the same time, change the way of sales promotion, enhance the tourism image of Henan, the ancient capital, Kung Fu launched trip trip, tour, rural tour "flagship" line to the market at home and abroad. According to the different tourist markets, focus on promotion, and use the tourism fair pull tourist market.
In addition, perfect service facilities, improve the quality of service. To improve the tourism traffic signs, increase the temporary parking, upgrade the Gaestgiveriet Hotel, training excellent tour guides, increase the luxury tourist vehicle, the construction of the province's tourist service center network.
Related news
The personalized tour
Quarry hill built Park
- reporter Guo Changxiu
Jiaozuo News newspaper the Northern District of Jiaozuo mountain former due to quarrying, resulting in a disastrous state for the protection of mountain, mountain vegetation, mountain view to improve, Jiaozuo a total investment of 27000000 yuan to build an area of 1000 mu of seam Hill Park (meaning will be stitched up the mountain), the five one year period between formal opening to the outside world, during the festival there are a total of about 200000 people came to the sew Mountain Park climbing play.
The park is a comprehensive park leisure fitness, entertainment, education as a whole, the green area accounts for more than 80% of the total area of the park. In 2005 July officially started construction, as of now, a total investment of 2700 yuan, has been built the Great Falls, artificial lake, garden pieces, green planting, ecological parking lot 14 infrastructure projects.
Cultural tour
30000 people view large Ding Yin Ruins
- chief reporter Zhang Zhili Li Wenjing correspondent
Anyang News newspaper in Yin Ruins Museum Yourenruzhi, Si Muwu Ding display large party of Shang culture charm. 7 long holiday, 32000 people came to see the.
Yin Ruins Museum Director Du Jiuming said, during the golden week, nearly 50 announcer, have to work every day for nearly 10 hours. A visitor from Beijing said, take the children to the Yin Ruins use vacation, have a look the ancestors of the one's ability and cleverness, is really a kind of enjoyment.
In addition, Anyang new attractions, new projects and tourism activities emerge in an endless stream: 7 days to achieve total tourism income of 282000000 yuan, 1940700 tourists trips.
Flowers Swim
Peony Peony class connected
- chief reporter Ren Shuangling Wang Meiting correspondent
Luoyang Luoyang newspaper this year's golden week five one, not only the continuation of the peony tours, and popular ecotourism.
Although most of the flowering is over, but there are a lot of peony still open is colourful; peony and peony flower shape similarity, florescence prolongs the period of cohesion, just enjoy the flowers. Luo river south of the acres of peony and higher Mangshan peony industry belt, the southern mountain peony garden, echo each other at a distance.
Luoyang across the Southern District of ecological tourism Piaohong, Baiyun Mountain, Tianchi mountain, cockscomb hole, re channel ferry, West Taishan, long Yu Wan, shenlingzhai, Huaguoshan [Gallery] etc.scenic reception quantity are high. Baiyun Mountain of the garage, hotel, hotels, 500 tents were robbed of rent a space.
