Beijing / Shanghai, May 8, 2006 - Qantas Airways from Beijing or Shanghai, to Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Adelaide Qantas 3 months discount air tickets, now only 5588 yuan. In addition, Qantas and give it to you for a ride in the Australian outback ticket shuttle above four City (Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, and Adelaide), let you experience the Qantas huge route network of Australia and the different local culture of life.
Australian large complex stroke, each place to show different colors and attractive scenery. Qantas passengers or need more understanding of Australian residence, to explore this beautiful country, so in particular provides inland ticket discount as follows:
Passengers can buy tickets, inland shuttle following city, including Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Canberra or Gold Coast. Each section of the inland tickets sold at 600 yuan.
And visitors can choose from the above Australian city (Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Canberra or Gold Coast), to Perth or Keynes. Each section of the inland tickets sold at 900 yuan.
The above fares excluding various taxes and surcharges.
Through this extraordinary concessions, passengers can survive a unique enjoyable holiday in australia. Qantas not only provides frequent flights to choose, so you can flexibly arrange the trip, more to provide a quality service, to ensure that each passenger to get a satisfied and happy holiday. Tour of Australia, the program is rich, the suitable everywhere, to your surprise, make you enjoyable.
The ticket discount applies to the period from now to June 30, 2006 by Beijing or Shanghai. Discount tickets from the period from now to June 28, 2006 release, and shall be in the deadline in Beijing or Shanghai City area each Tai O air ticket agency issue.
A Qantas
China - Australian Airlines provides daily flights from Chinese non-stop flight to Sydney of australia. Four weekly flights from Shanghai, three flights per week starting from Beijing.
There are 31 flights to Hongkong from Australia's Qantas group weekly, passengers can travel to other domestic feeder flights. In addition, Qantas also with Chinese eastern airlines provide code share flight service, offer 3 weekly flights to Shanghai.
Hongkong - Qantas service to Hongkong for 56 years. In 1949 March began to provide charter services, in June began offering scheduled services. Now, there are 28 flights from Australia to Hongkong non-stop Qantas weekly, these include Sydney City, Melbourne, Brisbane and Perth. Qantas also provides four times a week after Melbourne Hongkong flights to Britain service.
Qantas subsidiary company - Australian Airlines has three flights a week from Hongkong to Keynes.
