"Five one" golden week, Beijing, a private company responsible for troops Mr. leisure activity is rich and colorful: rural tourism, fitness, accompany clients see the show, talk about business......
Like Mr. Ma, the 1/3 time for the holidays Chinese leisure activities are no longer confined to the tourism every year, but gradually formed the six major leisure and sightseeing, suburban class: class, business class, holiday, sports and cultural leisure.
"Chinese gold Zhou Zheng from tourism economy configuration to the leisure economy form, the choice of leisure more diversified." Renmin University of China leisure economy research center director Wang Qiyan said.
Sightseeing Leisure Class embodied in the golden week, is currently the subject of various types of leisure activities, at the same time will remain the main body position within quite a stage, which reflects the Chinese leisure development is still in the early stage. The development of cultural tourism resources in Chinese Association vice president Wei Xiaoan think, Chinese tourist industry has already developed into the middle stage, but the leisure industry is still in the initial stage of development, two different stages of overlay performance for the sightseeing leisure class is still the main leisure subject, corresponding also to popular demand. The national jiariban relevant responsible person said, is expected this year "five one" Golden Week travel population growth will be based on last year "eleven" golden week 110000000 people, history will record the number of trips may be high.
Suburban class leisure is becoming more common, the suburbs "Nongjiale" exploding demand, mainly corresponds to the weekend. This year "five one" golden Monday a prominent characteristic is the rural tourism hot all over, centering on the "2006 China Village Tour" theme year activities, launch rich and colorful, distinctive rural tourism products. Experts estimate that the country has at least 10 million suburban Nongjiale "". It not only meet the needs of city residents, and stimulating the development of suburban economy, a lot of farmers through the organization of "Nongjiale" become rich.
Coastal resort, mountain resort, Spa Resort and other holiday leisure class emerging, corresponding to the long holiday and high-end market. For example, Guangdong has 600 many hot springs, has now developed more than 60 hot spring resort. Wei Xiaoan pointed out, such as holiday leisure at present is not mature enough, although many parts of the country took many resorts, but not a complete sense of the concept of holiday, or suburban class weekend leisure.
For business guests, emerge as the times require is business casual. In Dongguan, Guangdong, 12 towns have nearly 20 five Star Hotel, nearly 30 four Star Hotel, hotel total nearly 400. The guests arrived in Dongguan, about two or three days of business, and then make a day of golf, bubble day spa, contributed to the formation of dense local hotel industry group.
Sports leisure has the comprehensive adaptability in six kinds of leisure. The personage inside course of study thinks, be in Beijing to host the 2008 Olympic Games as an opportunity, vigorously develop the leisure sports industry.
Cultural leisure does not make the climax with vigour and vitality, but it reflects the leisure of diversification and the development of. These a few years, the museum is getting hot, a lot of places not only in great efforts to build public museum, a lot of private museums also began to emerge, the Beijing Museum has more than 100 of the total. Another example is watching TV or movies, go to the library, the collection market...... These are the kind of leisure culture.
Of course, the above six kind of ways of leisure in reality the performance is more complex patterns, and not "each one minds his own business".
Wei Xiaoan said: "as the terminal performance of leisure, leisure tourism and leisure, embodied in the vacation, business and leisure tourism + aspects and various combination. In fact, it is precisely reflect such a development process, mainly from a single tourism form, the progressive development of the composite form of leisure vacation; further development of leisure industry, when mature, specialized products have reflected more fully."
(source: xinhuanet.com, author: Chen Fang, Zhang Jingyong)