China News Agency, Beijing seven May, today is the last day of five one golden week, around the railway, civil aviation, long-distance bus stations are ushered in the return passenger flow peak.
Guangzhou return passenger flow will exceed seventy thousand
Guo Jun Hu Juhua repair Yan Guangzhou [Gallery] reported: today is the last day of five one golden week, reporters today from the Guangzhou railway,
The civil aviation department to know, Guangzhou railway, civil aviation departments are welcome return passenger flow peak.
Railway departments said, since the beginning of the six day, the emergence of a large number of passenger flow and the arrival of the Guangzhou Railway Station, the return flow of today will exceed seventy thousand. Guangzhou New Baiyun Airport passenger flow to maintain reflow peak. Day six hundred and ten flights taking off and landing vehicles, more than seventy thousand passengers a day out of Hong kong.
Liu Tie safe eight hundred thousand passenger trips
Liuzhou stone scholarship [Gallery] reports:
This year "five one" golden week, the Liuzhou railroad bureau carries a passenger eight hundred thousand person time, grow fifteen percent compared to the same period, the average daily 80000 times, most of the calendar year. Among them, long-distance passenger traffic of 263000 passengers, 535000 passengers a short distance passenger flow. In May 3rd, liu Tie sending passengers reached eighty-nine thousand five hundred and ninety-three passengers, for this year "five one" golden week passenger highest one day.
This year "five one" golden week, the LiuZhou Railway Station to send passengers over the years most of the year, the total passenger volume grows twenty-four percent compared to the same period. The year-on-year growth of thirty-six percent, short distance passenger flow. In May 1st the station sending passengers to reach sixteen thousand three hundred and forty people, in recent years for tomorrow are sending passengers most of the day.
Guangdong Shantou golden week last two days to welcome the return of the peak passenger flow
Li Yiqing
Li Ruidan reports from Shantou: five one golden week last two days, the Shantou Municipal Airport, train station, bus station and other transportation ports ushered in the passenger travel peak. According to the transportation department estimates, golden week in the last two days, the train station will send nearly ten thousand passengers, the airport will be carrying nearly seven thousand passengers, bus terminal passenger flow will be more than ten thousand people.
The six day, the day of Shantou Airport Flights of up to thirty-four, passenger volume reached more than 3000 million, is the "five one" golden week flights most of the day, and inbound traffic significantly more than the outbound passenger flow.
Millions of visitors leisure Guangdong Zhaoqing
Huang Yaohui Chou Wenque Tan Bingsong reports from Zhaoqing: up to seven days of evening seven when, during the golden week, "Trinidad tourist corridor" said Guangdong Zhaoqing received more than one million overseas leisure travelers.
The local tourism department said, during the golden week, the weather, the occasional showers, still can not stop from overseas tourists enjoy "Trinidad tourist corridor" enthusiasm.
Xinhui Gudou springs Guangdong welcome fifty thousand visitors from Hong Kong
Chen Haoguang Jiangmen [] reported: Guangdong Gallery Xinhui Gudou hot spring resort to launch "five one" during the "summer day" activities, receives about fifty thousand visitors from Hong Kong and macao.
According to the director of the office Liu Zhan said the resort, a unique style of Gudou Hot Springs Resort set of mountains, springs, lakes, sea view as a whole, in addition to a spa, swimming beach and BBQ natural landscape projects have greater appeal to tourists, plus in Hong Kong and Macao market promotion efforts, so today's sales success is no accident, he laughing, Gudou hot springs get love in Hong Kong and Macao passengers, is the Donald Tsang Chief Executive Donald light, because in a private capacity twice to patronize Gudou hot spring resort.
Tourist attractions in Yiwu on the five day business income 110000000
Zhang Weijian Fang Qingyuan reports from Yiwu: the reporters came to the China only four National A-class shopping tourism zone - Zhejiang Yiwu international trade city tourism shopping center, experience a holiday shopping hot atmosphere.
According to the shopping center operating a keychain owner introduction, a key one day down retail only five yuan buckle can be sold five, sixty.
According to the China small commodities city group statistics, as of May 5th, Yiwu major shopping attractions during "five one" welcomes domestic and international visitor 20 million passengers, operating income reached 110000000 yuan. Yiwu city the main Stars Hotel occupancy rate increased significantly, which accounts for about 1/3 of overseas tourists.
