Xinhuanet.com Lanzhou on 7 May, (reporter
Nie Jianjiang) "a brisk, earned three thousand." Lanzhou City, a pet shop owner Guo Yongqiang while counting the "five one" golden week income said. Pet business will make money from the golden week, he said he did not think.
The five one period, a lot of people out from the busy free, use this 7 days of leisure, relax. For the sake of convenience, some people will be sent to the pet store pet dogs in the kennel, to Guo Yongqiang do pet business has brought business opportunities.
"A common pet dogs a day costs 30 to 50 yuan, expensive dog one day cost one hundred or two hundred yuan. My kennel in foster care has 6 dogs, 7 days down, is the income of around 3000 yuan."
"Arguably we not travel industry, nor the transportation service industry, have no what relation and the golden week holiday leisure, but now people have the concept of change, our business will come."
"Now people are thinking about the holiday more relaxed as possible, like our generation pet services on the need for leisure people, become more and more important. Also more and more opportunities to make money. "
Get a "surprise" people from the golden week leisure more than pet industry. This year "five one" golden week, rural tourism has become the hot spot of tourism and leisure, in the vast rural areas Chinese, business "Nongjiale" farmers get huge profits, but before then, lasted 8 years of golden week for their economic benefits are relatively small.
Deputy general manager of Gansu Overseas Tourist Corporation Liu Huiling said, through observation of Golden Week tourism market this year, although some of the famous tourist attractions is still hot to people's travel, but also the rural tour, local tour, outdoor swim also in rapid development, A new force suddenly rises.
Some experts and media proposed China: golden week has gradually begun to transition to a "leisure week", the characteristics of this kind of transformation is: at the end of a large-scale "fast food", "shepherd" type travel, more people began to choose personalized leisure way more features.
Chinese the golden week from the beginning of 1999, in the past 7 years, 14 golden week, a total of 1070000000 trips, a total tourist consumption of 429200000000 yuan. Rely on the golden week has become a big winner is mainly some tourist city and travel enterprises, and the transportation, accommodation and other services industry.
"Five one", the national jiariban forecast for this year "Golden Week" said, this year "five one" on the basis of the number of growth will be in the last year "eleven" on the 110000000 person times.
This prediction also pointed out, this year "five one" golden week, travel, tourism and leisure of the decentralization trend will be more obvious.
Northwest Normal University lecturer Chen Jiyin think, on the one hand, the traditional tourism golden week in traffic industry revenue is growing, on the other hand, the maturity of the personalized mode of leisure will provide more business opportunities. "The transition from gold thoughtful leisure week, in Chinese gradually formed mature leisure economy, will become the great power to further boost economic golden week". (end)