Reporter in the interview found in Gansu, Ningxia two provinces, although the five one period number of travel still keep rising trend, but the number of newspaper group tourism dropped sharply, more and more people begin to choose walking tour, self driving travel, outdoor sports and other relatively flexible self-help projects. But because the service system is not perfect, self-help swims in the tourist market "Darling" is also facing difficulties.
"Fast food" "shepherd" type of traditional tourism to encounter new challenges
According to the estimated national holiday, this year five one the number of trips will be based on eleven growth last year 110000000 passengers on the. Discovered in Gansu, Ningxia part of the travel agency interviewed by reporters but, for the five one golden week this year's source, they are not satisfied with. Deputy general manager of Gansu Overseas Tourist Corporation Liu Huiling said, although the Golden Week travel is hot, but the travel agency has not become more popular.
A lot of people for the delegation of tourism said "not interested". The citizens of Lanzhou for year five one gold thoughtful side of King Qinghai Lake Gallery travel experience is still fresh, "too many people purchase, the light comes through the door, spent half an hour. After entering the area, the travel agency will visit the time limit within two hours." Bian Jun said, from Lanzhou to Qinghai Gallery Huguang hurry go a day, almost no time to see the Qinghai Lake, on the back, like a big time as.
People think that, despite the group travel more convenient, affordable, but this kind of "fast food" "shepherd" tourism is difficult to meet the personalized needs of tourists. Bian Jun said: "for the Qinghai Lake, I was most interested in bird island, this want to take some good photos, but the other guests tour looked out at a glance, I also had to give up photos of plan."
Some travel enthusiasts think, newspaper group tourist number decline is "travel weary syndrome" consequences. In fact, the rise of reducing newspaper group tourism and self-help travel is put forward a new challenge to the traditional tourism mode.
Reflect the personality of the self-help travel market "new favorites"
During the long holiday, self-help travel a lot of people travel choice. The national jiariban think, five one golden week this year, self-help tourism, leisure trend of diversification will be more obvious.
In the resorts of Gansu grassland in Gannan and Ningxia Shahu scenic spot, the staff were told reporters, to the local self-help tourists, accounting for a large part. At the same time, some car rental company vehicles had been booked. Ningxia Yinchuan "Guangzhou Honda automobile leasing company" of a responsible person told the reporter, five one golden week this year, car rental market is still popular, their company's luxury cars have basically been booked.
"Compared with the traditional newspaper group travel, self-help swims in the tourism destination choice is often more novelty, more flexible way of tourism." Travel enthusiasts, Lanzhou University teachers Ding Shaochun told reporters, for frequent travelers, some relatively mature development of tourist attractions visited more than once, little attraction, few people tread, landscape very different view can appear more attractive.
Lanzhou holiday travel agency in charge of black love red said, most travel agencies provide for the tourists is precisely some of the development of more mature line, unable to meet the personalized needs of tourists, this is the five one golden week tourism market was "newspaper group cold, an important factor in self-service hot".
Industry insiders predict, in the next period of time, the delegation of tourism is still hot, but this method can only satisfy the general demand for travel, and personalized self-service tourism will become the mainstream of tourism market.
Who can swim for self-help "escort"?
Travel is fun, but which is full of hardships. Lanzhou city tourism enthusiasts Li Xiuzhu said, self-help is generally spontaneous behavior, from traffic, accommodation to the vehicle repair, health care, security, all things to do, a lot of the time the lack of effective help to "self-help" into "self abuse".
Understand according to the reporter, taking into account various factors that may occur in the course of travel, many people on the go also invited the doctor, auto repair technicians to participate in, but for most people, is not easy to realize.
At present, some domestic areas has given rise to a "remote mutual swim". You to my hometown to play, I will do the wizard, I come to your home to play, you do the wizard. Ding Shaochun said, this form of tourism is only limited to the city between the people, realize the opportunity is not.
Northwest Normal University lecturer Chen Jiyin said, self-help travel though is the spontaneous behavior, but need a sound service network to support. At present, enterprises can provide travel for self-help travel service limited to booking hotel and ticket, some travel agency also launched half self-help tourism projects, but this is actually a "semi self help travel together individual groups", and did not truly reflect the characteristics of self-service tourism. He thinks, insurance, skills training, sports, transportation, health care and other related with self-help tourism, all services are there opportunities.
With the development of the domestic tourism market gradually matured, self-help tourism market development at the right time. Chen Jiyin thinks, at present, including the establishment of travel, transportation, medical care, public security, rescue and other industries and sectors, self-help travel service network, is of great significance for the transformation of domestic tourism market.