"Five one" during the golden week, the credit card promotion of the big screen again opened, each bank to launch the brush credit card promotions. Which credit card mortgage tourism has become this year's "new favorite tourist".
Reportedly, Beijing bank and UTS international travel agencies signed a "free unlimited" installment cooperation agreement. Those who hold the Beijing Pacific dual currency credit card for visitors to the travel agency registration CanTuan, single pen swipe card expense 1500 yuan, you can apply for 6 months, 9 months and 12 months interest free installments. China Merchants Bank and Kang Hui travel agency cooperation, respectively, Sanya, South Korea launched the Jeju Island line instalment travel project. According to the China Merchants Bank credit card department Ms Wu is introduced, the standard price of departure from Guangzhou to Sanya tourism is only 399 yuan, and each cardholder can purchase three places.
In addition, Chinese Bank launched the "Sabah jade" trip to Malaysia island of Sabah as the destination, the territory of the airport construction fee, airline ticket taxes and fuel surcharge included 3280 yuan quotation. This undoubtedly can alleviate the pressure of tourist economy.
At the same time, the cardholder should also Caution! Card, rational consumption. Banks in the introduction of preferential tourism projects at the same time, will also list the additional terms of number restrictions, accommodation standards corresponding, consumers must be after reading the terms and conditions carefully and then choose whether to reserve. In addition, banks in the tourism project quotation, whether including visa fees, outside the airport fee and there is no uniform standard, the actual expenditure of tourists will be higher than the cost or first learn.
China Merchants Bank staff said, travel, during the holiday shopping consumer credit card settlement should as far as possible, and not to take now. This can get cooperation merchant discount and integral, and can avoid high fees. Bank for cash advances and the conditions are very "harsh", the use of ordinary credit card overdraft is not only the interest free period, but also to pay interest of 5/10000 per day.