In new network on 7 May, the National Tourism Bureau website news, in late May 7th 7, the national holiday tourism coordination office issued the 2006 "five one" golden week Tourism Information Bulletin No. eighth.
2006 "five one" golden week has been completed. In the attention and the correct leadership of the Party Central Committee and the State Council under the direct command, in all levels of government, holiday coordinating agencies at all levels to seriously implement the work requirements of the State Council, the tourism golden week overall safety, work orderly, market have a larger growth, people enjoy a prosperous and happy, full of vigor and vitality of the holiday.
One, "five one" Golden Week tourism operation in general
(a) attaches great importance to the overall coordination, ensure the safety of
The golden week work deployment level, focused. According to the Political Bureau of the Central Committee General Secretary Hu Jintao in the thirtieth collective study speech made "safe development" important idea and to further understanding to ensure safe production of "extreme importance", at the end of 3 the national holiday office issued a notice to do "five one" Golden Week tourism work, focused on the deployment of tourism security; April 13th a special meeting of the State Council, the work of production safety is further requirements of the "five one" golden week safety; in April 30th, the general office of the State Council issued the "notice" on the comprehensive well five one "during the golden week of safety work". Reflected the Party Central Committee and the State Council on the high degree of concern and attention of people's life and property security during the holiday.
The national holiday tourism Buji coordination meeting of the member units and the central departments on one goal, cooperate actively, active work, hold in-depth, catch solid. The following main characteristics: one is the security work deployment check for tracking. The office of the State Council before the deployment of a comprehensive inspection depth, section summarize, emergency notice on the golden week later security work issued; railway, civil aviation, transportation and other departments for golden week before the late passengers concentrated return traffic pressure, the timely dispatch of emergency capacity; quality inspection administration to further strengthen the quality and safety supervision work during the holiday season tourism department; daily timely release of information retrieval, and effectively guide the visitors. Two are actively coordinate closely with all aspects. Provinces and municipalities to strengthen communication and coordination in the safety accident problem, resolve some contradictions and problems of trans provincial area; railway, civil aviation department on time and accurately submit information; Publicity Department of the CPC Central Committee and the central civilization office in Golden Week tourism as the carrier, the deployment of spiritual civilization construction and Practice the socialist concept of honor and disgrace promotional activities; Chinese Meteorological Bureau timely the golden week daily meteorological analysis to each relevant department; Ministry of public security police special deployment, for the coordination of tourists flow big city and the scenic area has done a lot of work; tourism departments work closely with relevant departments to make all kinds of accident handling and complaints mediation work. Three is the government departments to enhance social service consciousness. The Ministry of foreign affairs and foreign consulate timely provide overseas security information for tourist service; CCTV and local TV stations and each big media and local media to provide travel information is very rich; meteorological information service full of concrete; Association put forward a number of travel warning. Work closely with various departments and active service coordination, ensure the smooth operation of the golden week.
The golden week overall security, good order. The occurrence of larger experience travel safety accident 11, a total of 19 tourists died (including 1 Holland tourists), 23 people were injured, 90 people were rescue. Among them, 4 traffic accidents, 14 people were killed, 20 injured; water activity of 2 accidents, 1 people were killed, 3 injured; desert adventure trapped 4 cases, 3 deaths, 90 people were rescued; fall accidents killed 1 people (Holland tourists). A prominent feature of the occurrence of safety accidents is non professional organization of individual travel activity increase, beyond the scope of the organization's security of tourists.
National holiday office has received various types of telephone 361, of which 255 telephone complaints, mainly concentrated in some of the attractions of the service quality of scenic spots, the hotel low service is not in place, the travel agency does not offer on service and traffic irregularity, remedial measures timely issues. Compared with previous years, the number of tourist complaints decreased after complaints, basic can be timely and effective treatment.
(two) the number of tourist reception and tourism revenue growth
Golden Week comprehensive statistical data in May 8th by the National Bureau of statistics and the National Tourism Bureau under the "" Golden Week "tourism information statistical investigation system" summarize. But according to into the national monitoring of the 39 cities and 116 direct reporting area (point) analysis of the operation situation, the golden week and will be a high growth. From the experience of 4 golden week five one, 2005 than in 2004, 2004 and 2002 than in 2002 than in 2001, the number of tourist reception rate were 18%, 19% and 17%; tourism revenue was 15%, 18% and 20%. This year is expected to five one golden week tourism number and travel income will be about 15% and 20% growth. From May 1st to May 7th, included 116 national scenic spot monitoring (point) of the cumulative number of reception than the same period last year the growth rate was 12.9%, the cumulative ticket revenue growth of 21.6%. As a regional analysis from 39 city monitoring and 29 scenic areas, Beijing, Shanghai, Suzhou, Wuxi, Hangzhou, Xiamen and other major city sustained growth; Shenyang, Luoyang, Wuhan, Chengdu, Zhangjiajie, Guiyang, Zunyi, Pingyao, Mount Wutai, Mount Jiuhua, Wudang Mountains city and area of substantial growth, the growth rate in more than 20%.
