Xinhuanet.com Shijiazhuang [Gallery]5 month 7 Xinhua (reporter Li Junyi) "five one" period, a reporter friend and family went to Shanxi Province, a famous scenic spot for a few days, said with emotion, after coming back, is a beautiful spot, enjoyed a fly in the ointment, there are two points: one is that many people, two garbage.
The crowd dispersed, garbage everywhere, which is almost every attractions every year to the same "landscape appears several times".
Botanical garden in Shijiazhuang city has been the public leisure good place, "five one" during, the reporter in the interview found here, at noon, a group of three to five passengers, a group of sitting on the lawn, ham, bread and other food and beverage out "picnic", "picnic" after, the lawn is a mess, only a small part of people will be wrapping paper, newspapers, beverage bottles and other legacy garbage clean up, most of them just picking up hastily, some people got up and left.
"Five one" golden week is also a large number of scenic spots "injured" a week. A city of Shijiazhuang heritage lovers says to the reporter, during the holiday, he went to Baoding City [Gallery] a heritage scenic spot, scenic buildings can be seen everywhere on the "tour so that the words", some "historical sites", and some even are on "manufacturing", he had to stop a pair of lovers are portrayed be in the right and self-confident, did not expect the two said to him: "there have been so many people carved up, are not necessarily more us a word". Heritage lovers sad to say, we play is good, can be "tour de" bad became bad.
Spitting, littering, arbitrary cut by many tourists, is the "classic" behavior, despite all the "ban" sign, but It doesn't help the situation. A visitor said to reporters, but he also knew that spitting this behavior is not good, can be used to nature, often vomit after feel wrong. In fact, and the tourist similar to a lot of people, is the large number of people inadvertently, made the pollution of the environment, destruction of collective attractions "havoc".
Bad habits can change, many years ago, the community on the population criticized by bad "tour de", the fact is also in the daily life of the bad behavior. But until now still have little effect, and some even have become inured to the unusual. Bad habits are today, an important reason is, many people do not see them as a kind of behavior should blush, you right back at you, don't blame each other, thus forming a herd mentality.
2005 National Day golden week, tourists produced 190 tons of garbage in Tiananmen square, the average day 27 tons. The matter after the disclosure by the media, public opinion Dahua, a critic wrote that it shows the national quality and moral deformity. Having a sense of shame Yong, only the first "shame", to know what is "rong". If everyone believes that "there is no awareness of environmental protection, no social morality" is a shameful thing, so, we have a healthy golden week distance the distance is not far away.