China News Agency reporter Sun Lu
"Today is the last day of five one" long, happy "Golden Week" is coming to an end, Shanghai workers some tired of work generates fear, there are a lot of people feel a long holiday, hope to work.
The public holiday illness
Everywhere rentouzandong, road vehicles grow dragon, and a "binge" golden week began. Out of the crowded people tired, tired heart; do not go out, idle more not the taste. This year "five one" during the long holiday, golden week special "holiday syndrome" haunt many 23000 people.
"The first golden week remember 1999, I early established the family trip plan, before the holiday even excited can't sleep sleep. From the initial fresh today's dull golden week, now I really don't know what to do." Early forty Shanghai white-collar party told reporters reluctantly. Golden week once many 23000 people look forward to the "holiday", busy for half a year, can have such a relatively concentrated time to rest and relax. However, as the number of visitors has increased exponentially, transportation comprehensive tension, tourist attractions overcrowding, diet, accommodation facilities are overwhelmed, which will reduce the "Golden Week" on the local commuters attraction.
The long vacation is too long the aesthetic fatigue
"The annual Golden Week Nengfang seven days off, often to seven or eight consecutive days of classes, vacation is too long is very tired!" Reporters in Hushang famous website BBS forum to see such a sigh. And then the placard response is also a than a lively, a lot of Shanghai workers clear, oneself have already produced for seven days of false "aesthetic fatigue", his "unable to hold oneself back" looking forward to work.
"The 'golden week' before and after the weekend to work, 'golden week' during the outing is also pressing the root experience not to vacation leisure." Said in Shanghai a large state-owned enterprises to work Miss Shen, the seven day holiday of their own is too boring, in addition to a meal, sleep is the Internet, watch TV, not as an honest work to fill. In Mr. Li, a Shanghai institution work tells a reporter, although usually busy working point can be felt at ease, but also can experience the pleasure in the work. But now for several days no matter stem, Mr. Li feel empty heart, always want to find something to do, also hope to work.
Arriving early to feel
To live life to the fullest more meaningful, also to avoid the negative effects caused by the lazy holiday mood work, reporter discovery, a lot of Shanghai workers this year take the initiative to advance the work, feeling.
Mr. Li was only six days rest, morning is unable to bear loneliness he came early in the office. "Money is so much to live anyway is to deal with their own, simply to come to work earlier." Mr. Li told reporters, "in addition, holiday is a seven day, rest a long time but not working state. In order not to affect the normal work tomorrow, I will advance to the work of the State Office for." And worked at a Shanghai consulting company Mr. Liu also said, going to tomorrow early in the morning to go to work, be in fine Fig.
