China News Agency reporter Zhou Jianlin
Huadengchushang, is located in the high tech Zone [Gallery] Suzhou Japanese street in the "five one" golden week more lively, a lot of Suzhou love with far away friends here have a look around. Wandering about in the current Chinese most concentrated Japanese cuisine street, as if outside Tokyo Ginza Avenue street, but see the flashing neon lights, heavy traffic, "Breeze Pavilion", "Ito Park", "Jun River Pavilion" Japanese restaurant, bar, row upon row of, there are a lot of Japanese OK hall, Sake nightclub, a pie the night scene in groups of three and four, the Japanese here looking for the right of Japanese restaurants and Japanese bar.
The rise of "Japanese Street", recorded the Japanese wave Suzhou pace. Suzhou high tech Zone is one of the Japanese in Chinese the most intensive areas, located in the District of Japanese enterprise has nearly three hundred, of which Japan had the world five hundred strong enterprises in more than two dozen in here. With the "Japanese industrial village" opened village, "opening assistance center" of Japanese small and medium sized enterprises, Suzhou high tech Zone has become the Yangtze River Delta "Japanese heights".
A reporter walked into a Japanese restaurant, the store environment is beautiful and elegant, the Japanese box, wooden window frame, simple and neat, rooms on the ground "tatami", not to put a low table half meter high, around a ring of cushion. The guests barefooted on the seat cushion, sitting cross legged, Japanese control through the menu, the price is not imagine is expensive, dozens of dollars to hundreds of dollars.
Witness the "Japanese Street" of the birth of growth with Mr. Wang came to Tianjin to friends today. "Ito park". He said, Suzhou high tech Zone of Japanese enterprises intensive, Japanese management personnel and their families resident has nearly two thousand people, plus power enterprises, Korea enterprise employees, the total close to tens of thousands of people. These people have both high spending power, but also need the right party exchange place, so the "Japanese Street" emerge as the times require.
According to the briefing, "most Japanese Street" business owners have the experience of studying in Japan, culture, restaurants and local customs and practices with Japan, hotel, bar decoration, lighting, costume and using the dishes are Japan, the shop waiter after training, will use the Japanese communication with the guests, exotic for the Japanese guests, "Guests feel at home." feeling.
Now, the whole street Japanese restaurant and bar shop has now reached more than 100, in the "Yangtze River Delta" area famous, not only Wuxi [], Shanghai Gallery of Japanese companies who Muming, Taiwanese, Suzhou, Shanghai people also often drove to taste novel. As "Ito Park" the boss said, the current source is "gold partner", Japanese accounted for 1/3, China mainland and Taiwanese and each accounted for 1/3, increasingly popular.
And cultural origin is pushed into the Japanese owned enterprises, established a solid cultural foundation but also extends to the "Japanese street". Suzhou culture and Japanese origins long, Jian Zhen monk sixth successful East is from Suzhou of Zhangjiagang Huang Si Pu ferry set sail; Japanese primary school textbooks has received Zhang Ji Chinese Tang Dynasty poet "midnight bells", the Japanese monk Kukai mage had to Suzhou Hanshan Temple to learn Tantric mantra in the Tang Dynasty, the Chinese Buddhist China brought to Japan, create a friendly exchanges between China and Japan Buddhist circles; Suzhou tea culture and Japanese tea ceremony, are closely related, it is said that the Japanese language has also been influenced by the Suzhou wu.