    Lack of personnel salary high windows Penguin
    The oriented training "Linux elite" fill million gap
    As the only let the small penguin a person fondle admiringly, born with a pair of close Keren faces of Linux from its naissance, attracting the world's tens of thousands of computer enthusiasts eyes. Through the Linux, people could see new commercial prospect the future of social software, and through the course of more than 10 years, earth shaking of the information technology, the Linux has indeed changed the world, also be to change the world. Today's Linux, is no longer the Leng head guy, he not only from a programmer's "toy" to the entire industry, gradually changed the business world game. According to IDC data show that, from the Linux products and services income from less than $20000000000 in 2000 increased to $110000000000 in 2004, the rate of 84%.
    Worldwide Linux frenzy, it also brings the opportunity for change Chinese information industry, one for Linux while leaving the milepost, one from the extreme, wait-and-see, arguing to application case, Linux is using its unique temperament China market infiltration. However, in Linux the prospects for a bright time, the lack of professional talents has become one of the biggest bottleneck in the development of the domestic.
    High salary but few people ask about Linux talent is hard to find
    In fact, not only in domestic, Linux talent shortage is a global problem, according to statistics, around 2008, China Linux talent gap will reach 1200000. The same and the like, some big city in America, experienced Linux management personnel salary is more common than Unix and Windows counterparts from 20% to 30%, which also shows the shortage of high-end talent in the America degree Linux. The cause of this lack, one reason is, Linux itself is still an emerging industry, in a relatively new industries. Another important reason is the lack of talents, cultivation.
    In our country, many students mentioned computer, only know PC, do not know what is the workstations, mainframes. When it comes to operating system, only know the nature of the operating system WindowsXP, almost no understanding. Even students of computer. In many job fairs, write interface, database application a lot of talent, but to when it comes to Linux development system level core technology development or embedded, is very rare.
    In fact, as early as two years ago many people had been aware of this problem, so, from the government to the enterprise and to training institutions folk have launched the training content of every kind of Linux. However, most of the Linux training focus only on single skills training students, at the early stage of Linux, and because the technology of narrow vision, its application is not strong, cannot competency requirements for the system architecture of applied talents.
    "IT elite" directional transport for Linux provides high quality talent
  　Companies unable to recruit outstanding Linux core talents, and to participate in the training of the students also can not through the training to find the right job, this embarrassing situation, becomes in the present Linux training market on a problem.
    Cultivate high-end talent needs not only the theoretical knowledge, more important is to improve the students' practical application ability, and this point alone I am afraid it is difficult to achieve the teaching and training institutions. Therefore, a part of professional training institutions began to try to establish the cooperation with enterprises, and strive to direct training applied talents for utility enterprises, core talents even more high-end.
    At the beginning of 2003, the Beijing Municipal Science and Technology Commission jointly launched the instant software, train 10000 Linux advanced user, 1000 Linux technical experts, 100 Linux teachers in 3 years, Linux "1+1+1" project, which uses joint training and domestic Linux enterprises, in the training process but also to strengthen the cultivation of students' practical ability, conveying a large number of Linux personnel for many enterprises. Into 2005, instant research group for the disadvantages of present Linux training content of universal application is not strong, launched a business orientation of talent cultivation based "IT elite" training program. Through the "elite" program, students not only can accept to include from the system of the most simple Linux desktop operating system to the kernel principle, Java programming course of study, also, students will also in the actual operating environment, practice, operation and project development of various content matching position, fully to enhance their level of operation in practical application. Instant technology group have also been associated with IBM, HP, Oracle and many other enterprises to achieve cooperation, to create a common practice for the students, the employment space.
    Millions of boom is only began to develop from small to meet new challenges
    Linux is very quick in the domestic development and growth, whether it is the range of Linux products itself or Linux products involved will become more perfect, this is also a trend of the market. To reduce management costs, improve performance, enterprise Linux applications will also be further consolidated, like China Telecom, China Unicom and other large enterprise customers have the operating system platform from the original Unix platform is transferred to the Linux platform, plus has infiltrated into the government, education, media, public service, finance, telecommunication manufacturing industry, such as the mainstream, these, are again accelerated Linux upsurge.
    Linux will give the future software industry Chinese brought a new world. While at the same time pay attention to the application of Linux more and more enterprises, for the cultivation of our country Linux personnel should also be infiltrated into the young man, young students, let them grew concerned about the Linux, learning Linux, only in this way, we can really make the Linux industry of our country get take-off.
