    Recently, the author found in Hushang major colleges and universities BBS job board browsing, many students are keen on their interview experience recorded in detail to go online, the "face" has also become a high click through rate "links".
    "Yesterday I was * * company interview after", "XX enterprises interview program"...... Recently, Hushang major colleges and universities BBS job board have posted a similar "interview memoir," from each link is set up to answer all the questions in the interview process, even including the interview time and place, traffic routes are very detailed, many details still have some "friendship remind". "Yesterday I was put on the Internet a face", traffic university Senior Zhang told the author, after the interview found that some oversight of their own, a detailed record of hand is summarized, on the other hand also can remind "later", "tacit agreement has been reached between our students to have an interview, a put their experiences are out of communication resource sharing, mutual exchange of needed products."
    College students is very welcome for "comrades" who "face". Fudan University Department of Chinese Senior Xiao Liu said, he now see the "face" is "not one less", "even if go is not the same company, also can know more about the company HR's question style, after all Outside the Box, jade, see the in the mind is very bottom". Compared to some of the market introduction interview skill book, Liu think students wrote "face" more practical, I also see a lot of "seeking surface by" post on the Internet each big campus.
    For college students, keen to paste "face" to see the "face", the enterprise human resources managers said, "come and say" in fact is not the role of. Association executive director of East China regional human China Cao Jinchang tells the author, had no major general "face" back to pat candidates, "but in general, the interview questions HR often changes according to circumstances, and even a two interview questions like, HR wanted to explore the aspects are not the same, there may be measured you epistemic motivation, also has the possibility to examine your communication skills. So even if know the title, ahead of time to prepare answers may not be the interviewer wants".
    The chief advisor of Shanghai HD management Consultants Co occupation consultant Zeng Li think, as a job of preparatory work for the interview, understand what kind of question should be how to answer, how to foster strengths and circumvent weaknesses, it is necessary to. But Zeng Li also pointed out, not too rigidly adhere to the "face", "copy is a big taboo interview, company HR is mostly reading countless people, is the embodiment of rote prepared or strength, they can tell at a glance." Zeng Li suggested, in learned some surface by experience, the interview as far as possible, to show their own "self-discipline", including character and comprehensive strength and so on, "before the interview, the most crucial or should know more about the enterprise culture and the product of the company, be familiar with, and modify their own speech and deportment, etiquette clothing". 
    Editor: Yang Lin
