　　"People go to high, water flows downwards", with the career development, job hopping on the Chinese professionals is no longer elusive thing, on the contrary it is becoming a melody in the workplace. Most people begin to have a choice of jobs, for the life of a business service times are or are about to end.
    Job hopping is more and more factors affected by the left and right, the success and failure in direct relation entire occupation career development, will also hurt yourself or the original enterprise. Job hopping has become a science, is also a kind of art, "exercise to benefit the internal organs", "external" and practice job hopping, upper Kung fu.
    Miss Zhou, Shanghai a university computer master degree. Just graduated, with his excellent academic performance and good comprehensive quality, in the campus recruitment at one fell swoop by a large company IT phase, successfully entered the work of large enterprises to other students are longing for. Although nearly million salary, but Miss Wang isn't happy. IT company work time is not fixed, often work until late into the night. And Miss Zhou think update IT industry technology too soon, along with the age growth in total to be eliminated. In the work of the IT enterprise after two years, Miss Zhou has become the backbone of enterprise technology, but she has completed the first job, to a small enterprises engaged in the work of human resources. Business cost is very heavy, led by Miss Zhou projects have run aground. And Miss Zhou is a heavy price, salary from ten thousand yuan down to 5000 yuan, has shrunk nearly half.
    Next, completely not in accordance with the original Miss Zhou is the idea. Miss Zhou in the human resources work, got talent intermediary division, human resources management division multiple qualification certificate. The well-known foreign companies are not to Miss Zhou hands, think she lacks the human resources industry experience. Because the job is too happy, then the initiation of the idea of jumping ship, resigned to look for work. The Miss Zhou but did not find the home, she finally had to give up the original own occupation development goals, in order to live and find work. At present, Miss Zhou when insurance brokers in an insurance company. To Miss Zhou has been don't understand is, "why their job hopping, jump over difference more, eventually even to the point of looking for a job in order to survive".
    Kung Fu: "donkey"
    To seek greater development
    Occupation development bottlenecks, think you are riding the donkey, the speed is too slow, want to find a horse to ride, to seek greater development space. Experts believe that, in accordance with the law in the workplace, if a unit of work is full 2 years, personal position and salary did not change the quality or quantity, when considering job hopping to make objective and calm thinking on their own environment.
    Chinahr.com expert advice: this type of job hopping are easily changed into blind job hopping, for higher office, just to find a horse to ride, regardless of whether it is a horse or a horse disease. For example, in the original large unit manager, in order to seek higher office, switched to a small business when the vice president. Although the position has improved, but did not bring the actual effect on your future occupation development. A horse is to ride, but will have to get up.
    Skill two: look at the "money"
    For higher wages
    In the same time, the vast majority are to pay, to "money". At the end of job hopping is less because the professionals at the end of the year, afraid of losing the job hopping rich red. In fact, from finding the right job hopping to formalities, probably need about three months time. Professionals can use the cycle reasonably and effectively, to achieve the job hopping and red two not mistake.
    Chinahr.com expert advice: if only salary reasons and the job, often make himself into a "dead end job". All the "money", while ignoring the work performance, caused dissatisfaction with the enterprise; on the other hand, with the development of the workplace and lack of core competitiveness, thus losing the workplace. After the job work can meet their predictions for the future occupation development, this is the most important and key.
    Kung Fu Three: throw the helve after the hatchet
    Put to death later
    This kind of job in on-the-job field failure are, simply cross the heart to come, regardless of other factors, only take job hopping in the "Huashan road". Salary, job, future development prospects are not within the scope of its consideration, just want to jump out of the original "gehenna".
    Chinahr.com experts recommend: job can not be blindly, needs to consider all factors. The job should be set three big problems for themselves: 1, Is it right? Must quit? 2, is it right? Must quit now? 3, after the job is it right? Better? After having a clear answer only in three to consider the issue of job hopping.
    Therefore, the choice of job hopping, must meet their own occupation planning. And reduce the loss to the original enterprise, between "make yourself with the original enterprise good gather good spread". Select the horizontal groove, must correct working attitude, keep working enthusiasm. Regardless of the choice, are required to look before you leap, make adequate preparations, avoid the occupation career "jump" into the bottom.
    Job hopping "obsessions" hurt ourselves and others
    Everything needs to grasp a "degree", job hopping is no exception. Proper job hopping can promote the development of personal occupation, but frequent job hopping also can become the occupation development "killer". Frequent job hopping hurt ourselves and others, side effects can not be ignored.
    - the loss of personal brand:
    Frequent job hopping is often labeled "disloyal" label, make personal brand lost.
    Enterprises are generally more like high loyalty of employees, in order to avoid the business secrets. While job hopping, enterprises are worried that the job again, unable to grasp the core technology companies in the recruitment of losing advantages or into the company, make oneself not to further the development of.
    Gold - experience impaired:
    Due to the frequent job hopping, do a period of time in a position, cannot accumulate rich experience. It looks like it might experience is very rich, to much home company, but the gold content decreased a lot. Only the long time serving a position, only to have enough experience, in-depth understanding of the industry or occupation, the gold content can rise.
    - reduced personal accomplishment, a sense of crisis increase:
    Frequent job hopping resulting in a position to hold a post time is shortened, and in a short space of time is very difficult, therefore reduced personal accomplishment. Along with the reduced personal accomplishment, a sense of crisis is increasing. Frequent job hopping to lose their confidence in the occupation, into a vicious spiral.
    Editor: Yang Lin
    
