    In the recruitment of defrauding "training fee", by "pre employment practice" recruit "unpaid" labor...... The national Ministry of personnel in the national talent market of third college graduates employment service week recruitment will be created during the report telephone, accept students job seekers unfairly complaints. In the past week, the author yesterday from the personnel department and related department, recruitment has become a false start this week service complaints.
    It is understood, the personnel department to establish report telephone, mainly for college students recruitment discrimination, by false recruitment behavior to be severely punished. Yesterday I connect the personnel department the national personnel department was informed that the center of the employment of university students, a week to have not received any complaints of discrimination, it is false to recruit a complaint hot. From students to reflect the situation, false recruitment often occurs in some informal enterprises, and some self protection awareness is relatively weak students often become the victim of false recruitment. The personnel department of the National Personnel Center for college students employment department responsible person Ms. Meng said the complaints were the basic unit, not in the service of week registered enterprises, but must pay attention to the problem of false recruitment.
    The author of college students in the universities of Shanghai interview also know that, despite this year's graduate job just heat up, but many of the students have encountered false recruitment of various types, most of them students say, because not yet graduated but not with enterprises signed the employment agreement, and thus lost the legal protection and based on complaints, in vain to "Huyou" the. "My last month as a unit free of chare." Fudan University Department of Chinese Senior Xiao Liu is depressed to tell the author, last month she through a certain enterprise interview, because no graduation is not signed the employment agreement, the requirements of enterprises and she began to practice, little Liu Yiwei had settled, almost every day to work on time, after running back very positive. But after a month, the boss to her sick leave is not, not to hire her, even the wages is not give. Xiao Liu is ready to seek legal assistance, because there is no agreement and the relevant commitments, it seems only "dumb".
    The phenomenon of encounter false recruitment of college students, legal experts said, not under the protection of the employment agreement, students can apply through other channels in the beginning for self protection. Chinese labor dispute net labor security consultant seedling Qiwei suggestions, students can use the "act tough and talk soft" method for. First of all, should be aware of the candidate unit whether normal, credibility to, avoid defect candidates to the aspects of the enterprise; in addition also should require hiring enterprise to have the promise, offering clear writing jobs and job description, become rights certificate. Seedling Qiwei remind, along with the arrival of the peak of employment, to avoid suffering from false recruitment, student job should pay attention to collect relevant evidence, if necessary by means of recording or photography.
    Editor: Yang Lin
