    Some people say, learn English to find a good job. But yesterday, held at Southwest University of Political Science and Law, "double", a lot of English four level, six level, even the class of eight, but because the Chinese expression ability is not strong were shut out.
    The word limit question stumped candidates
    Yesterday "Shuangxuan Hui" scene, a local real estate company to apply for student issued a total of 300 college students "employment application form", on the table there are 5 problems need to apply for the students to answer, every problem defines a specific answer words.
    One of the problems is "please give one you succeeded in persuading a person, or let the team accept your point of view example." Define the word number is 80. The results, more than half of the students number exceeds the standard, more than 200 words; others language meaning repeat laza. Even some students never understand the problem, give an irrelevant answer.
    Mr. Feng of estate company responsible for the recruitment site introduction, from the recovery of the table, job seekers are mostly not skilled use of the Chinese language. He said that these students, although a lot of people "the English four" or "six level", but they only very reluctantly what it treasures.
    Foreign companies looking for bilingual talents
    A foreign invested enterprises need to find a Chinese expression ability of English Major Students' strong, several universities in our city for almost five times, but did not find a suitable candidate. Yesterday, the company's staff told reporters that in more than 20 students they contact, some English class is eight, but tested on Chinese writing ability, found that almost all the students to write the work plan are statements impassability, instruments such as text procrastination hair disease etc.. As a result the company a did not care.
    "We at present is the lack of both English, and can skillfully use Chinese to write something talent." The staff said, if the native expression is not clear, how can the very good with English communication with customers?
    Experts fear "heavy light L1 in a foreign language"
    "In our school, the job search process, language is a bridge will have, the Chinese seem to learn high school is enough." A student very frankly told reporters.
    "Heavy light of the mother tongue language," this phenomenon is quite common in Colleges and universities. And when a crash course in English, intensive class, interpreting class overwhelming; every year the university English four, six level of test, interpreting, senior research like a raging fire...... The tendency of these are invisible to strengthen students "heavy British Light Han". Concerned expert deep worry.
    Editor: Yang Lin
