    The company's assessment work will probably involve lifting your position. You may work hard, the result is good, the whole company is to admit that you are a professional man, however, new appointment book down, you find, together with you into the colleagues of the company position up, and you're standing still. May be a little worse than you: he comes late, but better than you "climb" faster, HISTEP. The worst a little, he actually become your leadership...... The heat of the moment, what would you do?
    Taboo article
    All sorts of silly behavior
    Flay quit
    Two at the same time the girl in the performance of the company are good, to the end of the year before the appointment, the whole company is passed on, said two people have to "promotion". They are all ready, even next year's work plan are well ahead of the. However, the "official" only a bit, the result can only be a sound, a real. Dissatisfied with the heart does not move, an impulse to resign.
    Although she was promoted in another company, but after all, to a new environment, starting all over again, and spent a lot of trouble. The colleagues are very sorry for her, if she does not go, can go to other departments, make a greater success. Don't flay resign, for an expected to promotion of the people, that's The loss outweighs the gain..
    Openly express displeasure
    The workplace is particularly taboo declared yourself unhappy. You can not be happy, but you can't put it in the face, because it will affect the others, may also give others an opportunity? They will say: look, the leadership of the new promoted up the man it, even in their own departments of the people are not convinced, not to handle this?
    Mean to quit one's job
    Some people are unhappy but didn't say, you see him all day ratio who all happy, ask him and he is also said to support and cooperate with the new leader of what, but actually, he doesn't work, all the day the mouth "cake", is not the director general, even Hugh sick, but who know no way he anything wrong. In a small temper before, first think about himself was out of breath, the heart, but the ultimate loss of who and what? Is you, is your own reputation.
    Planted
    "There is an error to expose, no error making mistakes will expose", which not only violate the workplace norms, it is ignoring the "arena of moral". However, if people do not know, except for Mo has been, wicked things early party white in the world, at that time, not only the company now definitely won't leave you, is another company, if you know this evil, will let you go to work? Therefore, plant against others is equal to "from the people".
　　Extinguished the fire in my heart
    Step one: calm jealousy, accept yourself
    Who catch such things are certainly very Wohuo heart. But a jealous not raise, rather than let envy riddled with your day, as the first to quell the jealousy, accept yourself more practical. People only to accept yourself, to the pursuit of better, or you just uncomfortable. Although no promotion, but be an irreplaceable employees, its value may not be as a middle-level leading small.
    Step two: give up the competition, a clear understanding of their own
    You don't look very original middle-level cadres to redo this kind of work, rather than an exception, but of their own on the line, and a girl a listen to than you are late for two months the company will be promoted, the heart is not the taste of blame. In fact, maybe you are the most suitable job is a person "go it alone", you are a good soldier, but not a good marshal. People do not want to be a general is not a good soldier, but conversely, not want to work as general the soldier would be a general.
    Step three: learning from others, improve their
    Maybe the man put up really well, maybe he is actually better than you. But the more senior leadership lifted him up and there is always a reason. For example, he is likely to come, he well deal with interpersonal relationship than you; maybe from a purely business perspective he as you highlight, however, to do the management work more is to see how he was getting along with others, how to put a bunch of people to unite. He ascended to the total strength, experience workplace competition failure, not look at his strengths, learn his good points. This can not only adjust your is to develop in the direction of the psychological and volcanic temper, can let you harvest.
    Action
    Try your best to tell
    Strong himself ready
    Each request to oneself person will have this emulative psychology. Never admit defeat is a good thing, if not the spirit, progress from why and come? You can be yourself in digging: since you almost rival with the foundation, why can't you next time is up? You work and study hard efforts, business has become more and more prominent, "light" and even "cover up" your boss; when the next year should be the appointment, you can even go directly to the boss to talk about their ideas, to tell him apart from everyone to see, you have what advantage, what strengths without come out to play. Now that you have this idea, do strong, after her, promotion is your.
    Try our best to cooperate to maintain self
    Every leader like to cooperate with others of the staff, so when you pick up a good heart a trace of resentment, still put main energy into work. For the newly elected leadership, do their best to fit him, he gave orders to your work and you have to try to do it well, and let your team to others unity harmonious impression, let you leave the easy-going, tolerant magnanimous impression. But the very unity doesn't mean you have no ideas of my own, my own views. Do the boss want you to do doesn't mean you have to be a robot, remember, any time to do a brain workers. And once you are using "brain" to work, in full view of all people, and you will get what you want.
    Editor: Yang Lin
