    China white-collar weekly to work takes private affairs in the online time up to 5.6 hours, the daily average of more than 1 hours.
    This is Web@Work survey of 2005 China District employee Internet management solutions provider Websense released yesterday and the Asia Pacific region result display.
    The survey once every year by Web-sense company commissioned by the Usa Inc Dynamics-MarketsLimited, middle managers of large enterprises the subjects were from Hongkong, Australia, Chinese Chinese, Brazil, Chile, Columbia, India and Mexico the eight regions.
    Because private online 1 hours a day on average
    The survey found that, China white-collar weekly to work takes private affairs in the online time longer than in other regions of the white-collar workers, up to 5.6 hours, while the average access time for the region as a whole is 4.2 hours. Only 74% of the Chinese white-collar admits to being involved in a personal web surfing. While the IT supervisor is that white-collar weekly will spend 6.2 hours surfing the internet.
    Six white-collar check my personal email at work
    In Chinese 60% white-collar work time browsing personal letters, such as Hotmail, while in India, only 26% of white-collar Internet browsing personal letters, in Brazil only 6%.
    In China, there are more than 16% Latin American white-collar Internet download music, there are about more than other area 8% Chinese white-collar Internet to enter the chat room, there are more than other areas by 12% white-collar Internet play online games. It is worth noting, Chinese white-collar than other regions of the white-collar weekly spend 7.6 hours to use the IM, play games, P2P.
    The audience not to a porn site
    In the survey China white-collar, only 4% of white-collar workers in recognition of their work intentionally or unintentionally visited porn sites, than other regions of low ratio. In office time to log on to Internet pornography website is popular in Chile and Mexico, Columbia.
    White collar probably do not do something
    The results of the survey also pointed out, there are 83% middle managers due to browse and unrelated to the work site during office hours, so that enterprises have more opportunities to suffer to phishing, spyware and other online attacks. But these have nothing to do with the work of 5 kinds of website but the most popular are: news sites (51%), online banking (38%), email websites (37%), (22%) and sports tourism website, shopping website (15%).
    Editor: Yang Lin
