    In the face of big company superior, how to overcome shyness?
    Password1: know yourself
    Do not blindly worship of large companies, but should know yourself first. Don't just see the big company reputation is good, high wages, more opportunities, just go in, no matter what you do, the neglect of his own personality and special skills. The fact proves, engaged and character strengths of inconsistent work, advantage is very difficult to show, will only feel sweaty pain, be kept constantly on the run. Might as well own to make a SWOT analysis, analysis of advantages, disadvantages (strength) (weakness), (opportunity) the opportunity and threat (threats), find the most good at it. These can be through the special personality tests to understand. Hiring managers are also through a variety of ways to assess your skills, such as: gregarious, intelligent, stability, to strong, excited, perseverance, dare, sensitive, suspicious, fantasy, sophisticated, anxiety, practice, independence, self-discipline, stress, adaptation and anxiety, introversion and extroversion, give oneself over to blind emotions and rational objective, careful and decisive factors, mental health, achievement, creativity personality factors, growth ability and so on.
    Password2: familiar with the workplace
    Select company, first should carry on the industry. As a professional, can enter the different industries. Recommended to choose those who are to the development of the industry in chaoyang. For example, the automobile industry, is currently fashionable to speak "build grey collar class" (between blue collar white-collar), the talent market is expected to lack 800000. This means that the * * *, now, a few years would develop along with the development of the whole industry, future opportunities to many more than choosing a sunset industry.
    Choosing a career is a rational choice. Graduated from the University in 22 to 32 years of age in 10 years, is the golden period of occupation career development. Struggle in Chaoyang industry, 10 years grinding sword you are expected to become a successful occupation of people.
    Password3: have a definite object in view
    Industry selection, suitable for the position, it is the preferred China well-known enterprise and industry of outstanding foreign enterprises. Because of the success of the enterprise has its own reason of success. They regulate the operation, process clear, a clear division of labor, talent development system perfect. These traits are beneficial to the development of new rapid occupation. Your resume before, should first understand the Target Corp when the annual personnel plan, whether the internship quota of people, what is the position, and then targeted to apply for. In so doing, much better than blindly hard knock, if the company does not need still stubbornly resume, may cause the stalker bad impression.
    Password4: the personal resume
    Follow the same pattern, no personality of the resume, must not be optimistic about. Too loud, too much emphasis on the resume and enlisted positions irrelevant information, also have failed too. If apply for financial, it should be emphasized that associated with the post content in your resume, such as subject experience, sedate and meticulous character, and should not be stressed that he is a mainstay of literature and art, sketch champion. The resume should not single mode, you can use the email, express, or commissioned a friend to pay. Don't simply believe that mail, if special like a job, we must adopt many ways, many effective ways, appropriate let resume direct target.
    Password5: interview skill
    Before the interview should be more comprehensive understanding of Target Corp. When necessary, can advance the Pathfinder, have a look whether import and staff dress, make-up, in order to prepare for the interview style. The interview is attention to detail, from the details to make each other feel that you really care about this job.
    Now the big company interview, often do not see how you answer the question, but set many scenes, make you in full no preparedness, to show the real temperament. So we must cultivate good habits from the usual. If the real you is positive, active, serious, sunshine, enthusiasm, dedication, not afraid of hardship, so your probability of success is very big! After the interview, don't just remember to ask if hired, but should send a letter of thankyouletter, it is polite to. People always like to be thanked, hate debt.
    Password6: long-term efforts
    Chance favors the prepared mind. Aiming at big companies, to develop long-term strategy.
    Primary language skills, including communication and writing. For the enterprises in the world are on the staff of the English language requirements is very high, in addition to read, also will say, more to write.
    The second character: lively, outgoing, active, initiative, enthusiasm, easy to give a person leave a good first impression, but also to grasp the degree.
    In the face of big company superior, how to overcome shyness? Confidence comes from practice. If the fear of public speaking, students can find a friend to practice, correct spoke little action, pay attention to "yes" suffix, control the speed and clarity. Remember: do the right thing, in the right way.
    Editor: Yang Lin
