    Hotel staff should also be bachelor degree, the British Consulate recruitment without English, high-tech enterprises have also begun to hire liberal arts students...... These seem hard to imagine things, was recently held in Southwestern University "Shuangxuan Hui" is meet the eye everywhere. The employer and the students staged a scene of "anti flirt", indeed let many graduates fell a glasses.
    The reporter saw in the recruitment site, Jiangsu Purple East Le Grand Large Hotel and Chongqing Oriental Garden two four Stars Hotel attendant recruitment has also attracted support many job seekers. Many students resume handed over, they said, now work hard to find, there is a four Stars Hotel to undergraduate students and they have been very satisfied, and here the wages is also more general than the local high, so when the first time waiter, etc. in later development is not late. Jiangsu Zidong Le Grand Large Hotel recruitment said, Great oaks from little acorns grow., they asked the recruit personnel to stem from the grass-roots, etc. with practical experience, the company again let them to study. In addition to recruit undergraduate students, the hotel top managers consider recruit graduate students.
    More surprisingly, the cultural and education section of the British Consulate General in Chongqing recruitment education personnel English requirement must be over four, level six. In the Southwestern University Shuangxuan Hui recruitment at the scene, many students see the British Embassy mechanism has some daunting, they fear that their English level is not up to the requirements of their. But exceeding one's expectations is, the body does not value the students' English four, six level of test scores, but the value of their capabilities, they hope that students can excellent professional knowledge, lectures and generous, have the ability to solve problems, and do something creative.
    Recruitment site to more than a dozen University Science and Technology Park high-tech enterprises, recruitment at each of the former are lined up. The graduates think, high-tech enterprises is a science student's patent, but did not expect, enterprise recruitment is to learn management, human resources and planning of the liberal arts talent. Datang Weighing System Co., Ltd is one of great influence in the industry enterprises, the company's executive deputy manager in recruitment, he introduced, the company development up to now, more and more attention to internal management and corporate propaganda, literature, science students born in the enterprise are equally important.
    Editor: Yang Lin
