    1.The more information you can obtain more and potential customers, and their attention resources are limited, so you must idea offers free information useful to their life or business, to get their attention resources, and reached the final goal of buying.
    2. by e-mail, regularly to your customers and potential customers to send mail.
    The purpose is to remind their "regular". You know, in the information age, more and more information they can access, and their attention resources are limited, so you must idea offers free information useful to their life or business, to get their attention resources, and reached the final goal of buying.
    3. if your business is a national or international, the establishment of a world wide web site is particularly necessary.
    You Webpage is actually a don't close your storefront, premise in your website marketing efforts have to foot, can be 24 hours a day to your potential customer to promote your products or services. Online electronic commerce is mature, it can be 24 hours a day to deal with the business. At that time, you can really achieve "even in sleep, the money also is in rushing in"!
    4. always pay attention to new trends, opportunities, understand the product or service, whether there is a faster, better and cheaper way?
    5. minimize overhead expenditure. Good business, if the cost is high, and the lack of marketing, finally will also to put up the shutters of fate.
    6. you have a consultant team, able to give advice and suggestions for you in when necessary.
    The team form to decide according to your actual situation, formal or informal, one or two people to the Advisory Committee a clear division of labor, you need some "touts" to properly. As a legal adviser, the family doctor for your law, health life to provide quality assurance, the operation staff can also help you success in business escort. No matter what people's identity, a university professor, expert consultation, business partners, relatives and friends and so on, as long as there is this capacity and expertise on the line.
    7. to participate in relevant training courses or lectures, reading books, one sentence: "to continue charging". Knowledge and information about marketing, about business skills are especially important. Because in the buyer's market economy era, not marketing is the end of the road.
    8. believe in yourself. This involves can correctly evaluate their problems. In simple terms, if you think you can, you can, and not others, "said you" you. Don't joke "how bold, how much production", its core idea is correct!
    9. have full confidence in their careers, especially in business contacts, the cause of their excitement, passion and dedication, can influence character by environment will exert a positive influence on others.
    10. who do not want to do business with his love and trust? This is an often ignored by you and me. So, it's very important to establish a good reputation, because the bluff and deceive the market more and more school after 11 to reach a successful sales, remember to your customer "for" a letter to your product or service satisfaction or approval of the said letter. Such information could be your powerful marketing tool, but also efficient means to expand your reputation.
    12. unremittingly is the key, do not give up easily! Everything is hard in the beginning, online business is no exception, the first customers to often need several months.
    If you can do with enough of these experiences, the next thing, is to enjoy the business success brings reputation, wealth and achievement!
    Editor: Yang Lin
