    Campus job fairs, job, children parents encouragement. Held yesterday in the 2006 Shanghai Normal University graduate comprehensive campus job fairs, OTC once appeared "traffic jam" scene, more than 5000 graduates of the city each big university faces the teacher post this "iron rice bowl" come in swarms. Many parents come to, even rob to accept on-site professional consultant service.
    Spoken English can't be brushed on the spot
    The division next year will be the college graduates more than 5600 people, a 10% increase over this year, including 25% students, 75% are non normal students. The recruitment will be a total of 310 family units to attend, provided a total of 2500 jobs, of which 55% is a normal job, choice of normal school students in great. But there are also many school teachers and graduate students ran to grab this "cake".
    The scene of many schools demand is about 10. Shanghai middle school a need 20 teachers, and lists the occupation threshold requirements: excellent undergraduate and graduate degree, bilingual teaching is preferred. Although the demand is high, Shanghai high school's popularity is still the most
    Wang. From A to Z, Shanghai high school stalls always lines. The interviewer asked students who apply for a leisurely language, foreign teachers must be on the spot to answer questions in english. Many oral English level students was brush down.
    Changning District Tianshan new village primary school party secretary Zhu teacher told reporters, now the school is not lack of teachers, lack is excellent teachers, discipline leader, so the recruitment requirements of students is increasing year by year, the Chinese teachers should also English off.
    Parents "eyes" than students with high
    The recruitment site is set up for the first time a personalized one to one job counseling. 26 from the National Taiwan Normal University in various departments professional consultants, for the obligations of the students answer. The students focused on the issue of Hukou, career planning, resume and interview questions. Did not think of is, specifically to give their children to "give advice and suggestions" parent Advisory more vigorously than students.
    Reporter discovery, the focus concerned parents generally concentrated in the treatment and welfare. A parent counseling, ask: "how much is the average income of college students now?" Consultants replied: "1500 ~ 1800". Parents escape one's lips: "too low too low!! It will take at least 2000 or more! ".
    The school of Architecture Advisory Division bell teacher told reporters, generally think that college students "vision" is relatively high, in fact, parents "vision" than the students themselves but also high, many parents also remain in the "college students = high income" concept, to the children the post treatment of higher income and expectations, so that it will bring the resistance for the students to find work.
    The field of health lowered expectations would go to suburb
    Two studies in the Department of mathematics in Shanghai Univer student Chen and trabecular specially came from Baoshan District, want to take the "teachers" job cart. However, some city school heard they are non local students, politely refuse. After consideration, they send out resumes into the outskirts of school, unexpectedly popular. Jinshan District Jinwei middle school teacher said today the Ministry of personnel, has received more than 30 copies of your resume, students are quite good.
    Editor: Yang Lin
