    Yesterday afternoon, held by Shanghai Normal University campus job fairs, the emergence of nearly 10000 graduates at the 2500 post come in great numbers of bursting scene. Among them, there are 1/3 lines outside the school graduates, even carry travel to other provinces and cities student bag also rushed to the scene to "test the waters".
    "Their" open recruitment, but let the students to the influx, which also caused the schools recruitment will be whether the discussion of school graduates blocked information.
    Beijing, Zhejiang students face
    Yesterday's recruitment meeting, in primary school, to set up the account for more than half, including Shanghai Film Group, Sharp appliances, Zhang Jiang biological medicine base Co., a total of more than 300 units to participate in. Make the host school unexpected is that, outside the school, students had to apply for 3000, the scene was packed, the school had to limit the batch entry, to 3 pm, some students are able to enter.
    Because of the National Taiwan Normal University Recruitment meeting teachers recruitment ratio is relatively large, National Taiwan Normal University graduates to apply for school from, most is directed at Teachers' post to.
    Donghua University Department of environment of small Wang in the recruitment of the scene to the 3 middle school and a primary school to throw the resume, she told reporters, in primary school, not to go to Donghua to recruit, and their own particular want to be teachers, this year also got the certificate of qualification of teacher, so the recruitment will not to be, and the National Recruitment free admission, no restrictions other school students participated in the. With her together and from 5 with the school and its students. Xiao Li came from Taizhou University, is a special trip to the recruitment to. Even the Beijing Normal University graduates, but also all the way to "the appointment".
    "Big" lead shielding controversy
    The school graduates to their schools to participate in the recruitment, some of the students complained. They think, the current employment situation is not optimistic, the city of other colleges and foreign students come in great numbers, would clearly points to a cup of a thick soup, do not "special school concert". And recruitment will be participating enterprises are their own school demanding invited by the students, occupies certain seats, is robbed of the students of "rice bowl".
    The reporter understands, many school recruitment will receive ticket, the students want to participate, will have to wait until the students send resume, was allowed to enter. Some schools don't even in the campus network announced, and through the college teachers communicate directly. Outline of the employment office director Lao Xiaoyun told reporters, the school hosted the recruitment information, back in a month ago in school published online, an annual recruitment will be open every year in this school, but this is the first time in crowded scenes.
    Recruitment information can only "exclusive" of a university? Can let students share? In this regard, the school seems to have difficulties. Engaged in employment in some school teacher said, due to increased year by year the schools graduates, the employment pressure is more and more big, the school issued Recruitment Information nature should first meet the needs of its students. But the enterprise selected a university, also directed the school's graduates to. If the students to participate in the enterprise is allowed, nature will publish recruitment information in those campus network.
    Lao Xiaoyun's idea is, the school on this will consider measures, but she denied blocking Recruitment Information practices. She thinks, shielding information and refused to off campus students practices are not conducive to the employment work of the school. The employing units to school recruitment, is the school's recognition and affirmation, for by strength, should believe that the students have the ability to participate in the competition. Besides the normal university students will go to other schools to participate in the recruitment, if students shut sb., neither should, also The loss outweighs the gain.
    Editor: Yang Lin
