    Workers may often see a scene, at the start of the new year, people around you are more or less people are internal promotion, looking around the colleagues "promotion and a raise", believe that there is always a little look, I do not know when their turn!
    How to let the boss see I
    Why people pay like water as easily, but he must be a pay raise or promotion is always lack of goal? If the company had a supervisor position, but the general lack of finishing touches you, they repeatedly encounter such problem, you're the boss who consider rise in the occasion, do what efforts?
    First of all, you let the boss see you in company strive to performance. For higher order operators, determine whether an individual key factors of promotion and salary raise, or is that "your contribution for enterprises have" much depends, what say here "contribution" not only refers to a substantial contribution to performance, including your professional ability, management ability, and whether you have the ability to for the enterprise to lead a team ability.
    For a once contact people to Mr. Feng for example, Mr. Feng as a business for many years in the post, performance on both the Excel Inc quota requirements, just the company every time in considering the promotion, but he is often neglected, in the company are not taken seriously, therefore, very distressed Mr. Feng, even thought about job hopping.
    When the in-depth analysis of Mr. Feng's problem you'll find, Mr. Feng although professional ability is good, but for their colleagues outside assistance, the total is not very concerned about, at the same time, for the matters assigned by the boss, the total for a supply of sth. habits, long-term down, usually colleagues have demand, any assigned items or boss, gradually got used to ignore him.
    This is like many talented people often plaint oneself ability, and will not be lost to gain promotion and salary raise colleagues, but they always feel good luck seems to be worse then the goal, "to let the boss see you", not just to see your performance, but also includes your boss and colleagues on the right, and whether you are a a team for the heavy, rather than a sweeping the snow in front of people, and evaluate all the conditions whether you can become competent personnel long-term corporate culture.
    The key to helping your promotion
    Enterprises in the year-end assessment, usually will be evaluated in many aspects, proposed personnel to promotion, may wish to look at their professional knowledge and whether day effort, whether to have the time management conditions, because the ride all this relation with whether you can get on the promotion and salary raise, these key factors usually include:
    A secret promotion and salary raise professional ability
    Whether with Japan to upgrade this represents your identity to own work feeling, by constantly enrich related with their duties and professional knowledge and ability, in addition to may ascend in the field can not be replaced, if still have other skills or the second expertise, they are more vulnerable to our appreciation on their.
    - promotion and salary raise the ability of time management tips you two
    From the efficiency of work, you can see in the project implementation of the maturity, while others deal with one thing at a time, if you can fast and good at the same time to complete more than two pieces of things, not only can show you in terms of time management ability, ability to project execution can also win.
    - promotion and salary raise three tips have a line with the demands of the job market appearance
    Chinese have a saying: interviewer to interviewer. Suggestion: when you start leading a team, you don't just want to let a person seems to be holding live scene, more importantly, to correct the image by the workplace to cultivate your sense of authority, and the team to your trust, to win the trust of customers.
    - promotion and salary raise secret four team work sense of responsibility
    If you are a belongs to improvise the personality of the person, want to challenge for promotion when possible, remember that as far as possible from the help around need colleagues start, this means that you can take on more responsibility and pressure, and help the team through the difficult ability, let the team members for your assistance to become teach orally troops win the trust of the boss, once, a raise is near you one step.
    - promotion and salary raise secret five carry the pressure and solving ability
    When you are in the face of problems or challenges, must have the "ability to still keep a straight face Taishan collapse before", in the chaos of the situation, be able to quickly sort through it, find out the most effective solution, also to with positive and optimistic attitude to meet the challenges, complain less, so we will be able to win the boss's appreciation.
    - promotion and salary raise thinking secret six standing in the company management perspective
    Standing on the point of business for consideration, can let your boss or bosses feel that you are a member belonging to the management team, to the business class, you are loyal and reliable, it is more important to the delivery of the task, in the critical period of promotion and salary raise, you must be careful not to any criticism you a boss or supervisor and colleagues.
    If you find the above conditions all have, but also contributes to the real performance company, however in the promotion and salary raise, but still don't have a boss or boss favor, perhaps this is what you consider to transfer, promotion and salary raise time!
    Editor: Yang Lin
