    I am a University Dalian 05 graduates, in 05 years in November 29th to write after I graduate, facing all kinds of social experience... Yet unemployment...
    I like everyone, without what too big respectively!
    At the end of 6 2005, I got the diploma! To November 29, 2005, has been a full five months, the five month thing, although not what shaking heaven and earth, but......
    (one)
    Because suffer from graduated at a loss, in the eve of graduation rush to find a small company, so temporary "stable" down, this company is Dalian Economic and Technological Development Zone a architectural design consulting company, I first explain the "advisory" means, as I understand it, is probably a the company was established to 50W registered capital, plus counseling two words become 10W to register a company! When the boss, I called him s the boss in this for the time being!
    Before he went to work with my boss after consultations, agreed trial period 800RMB, plus housing subsidies 100RMB, at least half dry, didn't talk to me about any thing about signing the contract! Of course, a small company like I prefer not to sign a contract. So, after leaving school, I rented a house in the vicinity of the company, temporary housing. Handle registered permanent residence when he left my diploma. My duty is to his architectural scheme with effect diagram ways! To work a few days later, I accidentally learned that, to sign the contract must be signed for three years, so I like S boss objection (my major and building structure and other professional different, there is no need to sign a contract for three years), failed, he fobbed off with all sorts of reason, refuse to consult me! In my working time, I include the other workers have found him a job, full of energy humanity, justice and morality, in fact, simply not in the company of people.
    I briefly introduce S boss this man, I know not many, only know that he is a divorced man, almost every night clubbing, drink, as he brought back to the company all woman are chatting, or singing in karaoke bars... Of course, this is all I'm after only know, he had no car, with his wife divorced, often even the hair not comb, also don't wash face, of course this also I later discovered. I heard him open company money loan, the money in addition to the company, others are of their own to play, play what I will not say more. His company took over the project, because he is not serious, make mistakes. In fact, this is his personal life, and I got to do? But I worked in his company, so I have not see the future?
    Between these reasons, I declare to resign, after he learned that to find someone to give me a message, saying that I want to go never mind, to give him the liquidated damages!! I even didn't sign the contract, he should I breach??? I found everywhere labor law ah, how check should not give him the penalty ah!! I finally unbearable, with his back to the graduation card, but I promised to do the work done to walk, so he in my second months salary deducted 600RMB, buckle down is that he should give me hand in overall social and insurance!! Graduation card he didn't intend to give me, just when the company's butler, wrong his meaning, even the graduation card to me, it seems as if I have earned ah!! Breach of contract damages he also did not want to be, I think he must also checked the labor law. Although my diploma is back, but I still keep the work at hand, in the more than 20 classes a day later, he did not give me a penny wage, and later also all kinds of names to make such a fuss about, just an account, including human relations agency fees (wholly unreasonable excuse), anyway I also results inverted owe him 220RMB... .
    So I went on looking for work hard road... It was 2005 in late September, until now, the boss of S, had repeatedly find I gave him before when drawing, the price of what all good say, but when I delivered out, he'll let me go back and telephone, I have the spirit of harmony, because they are just graduated, don't be too proud for the principle, made many concessions. In his talk, also always to belittle me (of course, not very clear) as the means, the provisions of a number of unequal treaties, said I was just graduated, no what skill, also said he gave me a map is to give me the chance...
    In fact, I know that my ability though not very strong, but enough to cope with his engineering needs. Moreover, he has no interest will not find me, but he also said that as long as I give his drawing, he will give me the reward according to the drawing, what percentage of the...
    But until today, he didn't pay me a labor remuneration, one part to my charge agency fees on the grounds, that I owed him 220 dollars in offset, the other part of him and for various reasons, there is no time to dodge... I don't know what is to continue to go with him, or just forget it...
    These things just five months the part of the experience...
   (two)
    To resign from the construction company, through the classmate introduction, a foreign-funded enterprises have seen my works, immediately decided to let me go to work, no more than is the paper company, the boss is a Korean, but different is the company of my offer is a monthly salary of 2500RMB, and make my social insurance etc.... It is just step into society, to their own labor relations became a bottleneck, are the same, seal... Ran, Kuwait nearly a week, then in finally to good relations of time, really poor when documents submitted with a little step, which is also my work in the new company's first day in the afternoon, the boss told us something I thought I was dreaming of things, "the the company is ready to quit, everyone to look the other way...!"
    Dr. who am I? The work was done not have again, labor relations hanging in there.....
    Later, after a lot of twists and turns, I finally put the labor relations linked in developing zone of talent, every months of endowment insurance pay their own... I don't even have a job, pay their own old-age insurance... Have to pay over 15 consecutive years... God.
    (three)
    You take the pain, life must go on!
    There is a new hope, a fountain company Dalian City, Zhao fountain animation designer, very well I through the first pass the test, I made him to the fountain animation, second interviews, third... Finally that day I and the boss of the company reached an agreement, the boss let me take my ID number to leave, he said because the contract did not ready, let me tomorrow to sign a contract, go to work formally in October 24th! I was very happy that day, although it will take nearly 1.5 hours a day by car to go to work, but I feel that life is always full of hope and opportunity...
    But I'm just happy one night, the second day early in the morning, fountain company boss very positive gave me a call, but he said: "I think we forget it, I don't think we too appropriate, too.... The!" Ellipsis is actually I didn't hear, and then asked him not to say.
    I think this is my job? Or find partners? No marriage you have?.....
    Editor: Yang Lin
