    "Recruitment is often a slight movement will decide the universe." College graduates employment guidance service center of Chongqing city yesterday reminds graduates attend several precautions Shuangxuan Hui, beware of the interview in the non language trap.
    Handshake: it's your first meeting with your interviewer. If he (she) to your hand, but hold to a weak and feeble, wet hands, then this is not a good start. You held hands should be solid and strong, but not too hard, your hand should be dry and warm.
    Your posture: be out of spirits posture will appear terribly fatigued, you should do it standing like pine, sit like a bell.
    Eye contact: with the eyes looking at the interviewer, don't stare, because it is too aggressive. When the interviewer talk, occasionally cold glimpse of his (her) hand. If when you speak of is always kept looking around the room, you will seem less confident or to talk about the topic of feeling uncomfortable.
    Your hand: some gestures is natural to do speak, but was too focused on gestures can distract. Also, avoid touching your mouth when speaking.
    Don't be on tenterhooks: in the recruitment of the scene with hair, according to the pen cap, foot to shoot, or can't help to touch a part of the body is bad.
    15 common interview questions
    Different position in the candidate key quality requirements are different, so the examiner proposed interview questions are not the same. College graduates employment guidance service center of Chongqing City, a list of 15 common interview questions for graduates, students can try, to see whether you are ready.
    1, please introduce yourself and your family.
    2 , what advantages and disadvantages?
    3, do you have any special talents and interests?
    4, if you have satisfied to our studies?
    5, how would you rate your university life?
    6, you served as what kind of social work, the organization participated in what kind of social practice and social activities?
    7, you know what language? How familiar?
    8, why do you want to apply for this position?
    9, what do you know about the industry, this unit, this position?
    10, you think you are suitable for what kind of work?
    What are the 11 important factors to consider, you find a job?
    12, if the unit arrangement with your desire is not the same, whether you are willing to obey the arrangement?
    13, if the work arrangement wrong with your professional, what do you think?
    14, if you have to go abroad or graduate student plans?
    15, if a unit at the same time to hire you, how will you choose?
    Editor: Yang Lin
