    Since November there have been dozens of job fairs held successively in Nanjing colleges and universities, 2006 graduate recruitment booth before running in all, then, what kind of college graduates to popular? This reporter recently in more recruitment found a special phenomenon: the "expert" graduates welcomed by the employing units, the signing of the success rate is the highest, and yesterday the reporter to interview some universities employment experts, experts on the "expert" graduates popular feeling quite.
    A few days ago, Nanjing University of Science and Technology held the first "economic management professional employment forum and talent Shuangxuan Hui," the school marketing professional students Guo also participated in the. At the end of the day, he found Shuangxuan Hui is also English professional, those and other professional closely combined with the financial English, foreign trade English, legal English is also popular; pharmacy, those who only know how to drug pharmacology, and understand the marketing students favored. Many would like to recruit marketing personnel unit also made it clear that, marketing professional students not be their first choice, they prefer to recruitment network communication, electronic communication and other professional students. The employing units to call a spade a spade to say, now a single skill undergraduates a handful, lack is compound model talent, "two in one", "three in one" enterprise talent save manpower cost, more suitable for the specific job requirements.
    This phenomenon undergraduate colleges of the job market, graduates in the higher vocational colleges employment more outstanding performance. Aimed at the market of higher vocational talents training of higher vocational colleges is more attention to market trends, according to the social demand for skill, compound talents, to accelerate the training of such talents. Nanjing Railway Vocational and Technical College last week in the school held a graduate recruitment, college students employment guidance center of the institute director Tao Jianguo introduces, from the demand situation came to the recruitment of 51 home units look, more units is the value of the comprehensive quality of graduate student. The reporter understands, and cultivating the compound talents in higher vocational colleges college students this year double the first large-scale entry of market. Xue Maoyun, vice president of Jiangsu Institute of Economic&Trade Technology told the reporters, they through the creation of two specialist to enable the students to grasp the two professional knowledge, to master a professional knowledge, at the same time to learn some other professional knowledge, in order to tourism management and business English at college as an example, the students not only understand the tourism also learn English, a number of foreign travel agencies Nanjing and Wuxi, large scenic spots have been robbed to. Nanjing Institute of Industry Technology this year two college graduates 641 people, the employment situation is very gratifying. According to the college student office director Gao Hongyan introduction, the 06 session of the school a total of 7 pair of college students graduate, these two specialties include mechanical and electrical integration and business English, business English, computer application technology and electronic automation and property management, two professional is a typical integration of Arts and Sciences, each double college graduates are in the 80 to 100, at present every two specialist about 7 students into the units were used to go, than ordinary students employment a%.
    According to the college graduates employment guidance center related to the person in charge, at present, in addition to high-level personnel and the shortage of professional talent demand, undergraduate demand has become increasingly saturated, only ability, comprehensive knowledge, able to accommodate multiple jobs graduates will become the "hot demand".
    Editor: Yang Lin
