    Page first: "absolute challenge" column editor Liu Ge and the famous CCTV host Li Jiaming guest Sohu second pages: what Li Jiaming about the greatest happiness in the work? Page third: Liu Ge talks about the main reason the unhappy young man working in the fourth page: happy working days and CCTV best employer survey activity progress Wang Can Moderator: not in December 2nd, is the first Friday in December each year. We also speak of happy work, is not to have a rest, or to the holidays or how about Friday is also very good. Ask Jia Ming a problem, the so-called happy work, the so-called happy working day or at work, there are many happy things, do you think what brings you the greatest joy?
    Except for the sense of achievement and growth have said?
    Li Jiaming: I just mind always think why happy working day? What is the point of it all, like Liu said today is World AIDS Day, when it comes to this time, whether the media or people will think about this question, in the happy working day is a holiday, you want, don't let me go to work, this is the most happy. I actually think, let every working man, on this day, this time the first Friday in December, in fact, is one of the most busy, the maximum pressure. Because at the end of the year the performance of the work, next year Is it right? To quit, want to change a job, in this time, this time to consider all the time, we propose a standard, happy work standards.
    On this day, Is it right? Has many enterprises have this kind of celebration, in fact I think need not what the celebration, I hope to be in this day, if a single EMAILL, we frequently do communication and exchanges, such as work on this day every year to ask a question, let all the people to go to work thinking, three reasons such as work this year, the most happy, three reasons why most unhappy, if this Friday is the day, but each other to communicate, with your good friends, we often receive text messages, this is Vesak day, please pass five people put this into the actual things, you do the host, I to be the host, what are the three points is the most happy, the unhappy is which three points, if you can calm down to think about this question, many people will love, he will be introspective thinking.
    Wang Can Moderator: with this activity, will allow enterprises to have a thinking, as a business, may pay attention to my staff is how to answer these two questions, the enterprise is also very helpful, will perform better and staff communication.
    Li Jiaming: I have third questions to see what to do tomorrow, December 2nd, there was a suggestion, I hope all my friends, you do one thing tomorrow, in various ways, express the reason you are unhappy on the job. You don't parade in Shangjie, can use very cartoon, today is a happy work, the boss don't scold me, give me a pay increase, tomorrow all the work themselves are not happy reason, tomorrow is the most happy day.
    Liu Ge: good that is good advice, we have a lot of activities on this day, such as morning television, morning our "first time", will make this day program theme is set as a theme for the happy work, give you some small test, everybody through this little psychological test. Now look at the state of what.
    In addition, we through this program, let everybody back to the message, to express their own understanding of happiness at work, at the same time, we have a lot of enterprises in response to our activities, such as Shanghai Volkswagen, because German employees, employees have German football game, their boss to defend, this time what grievances of the words, you hard to the goal to shoot. Some enterprises to engage in a wild expansion activities, employers and employees together, there are a number of enterprises, such as today would call a yoga teacher, doing yoga, please a psychologist, consulting, and business, when each employee work, send a bunch of flowers to take home to go to, to have such said. And most of the enterprise, we suggest that one day the boss, the president is going to write a letter to you, thank you for the work, to explain his understanding of happy work. The boss this time to comment.
    Wang Can Moderator: all enterprises to choose different ways to express joy.
    Li Jiaming: I think the German football match the boss should choose a hockey clothing.
    Director Wang Can: not all of the employees have so much anger.
    Li Jiaming: the eleven players are all strikers.
    Wang Can Moderator: happy source. Because just said a lot of happy work unhappy reasons, there are many happy source power on the existing basis, we should go to find happiness, is how to make our work more happy, let us work environment better, this is also a happy working day should on the one hand, to promote. Only to find the causes of unhappiness, to find how to let me the most happy.
    Li Jiaming: the source of power for some reason, some Buddhism can explain understand, what happy work of the source where. A kind of occupation we do most people now, if you are nine to five today, today in Sohu, in CCTV, you are to take some salaries on time, the work is an occupation, but from a certain point of view, you are passive.
    Because you need a demand for a living or in all aspects, you will do. If only to a location you thought into an occupation, but objectively speaking, whether it is for a raise or promotion, happiness is limited.
    In addition to talk about is called a ` s work. Ambition ambition. If my life, especially in the media work, want to know, every word you say is possible in the change in others, help others, in the influence of others, this is our industry to bring you another kind of satisfaction, as if the reason is very simple, this work is the use of others is a very noble, must have the goal, as we do "absolute challenge", from the reality of the pressure will be considered taking into account the ratings, advertising revenue, taking into account the effect of rate, from their point of view we do bring a romance to a happy ending things, whether program was not good, after all, do those people looking for work and want to find talent enterprises we built a bridge that, occupation and their source of power, and occasionally when they are inactive, their work to the high point. In fact, then happiness will come out, if I say the wrong thing on television, will hurt millions of people's heart, if you are right, it will affect millions of people. Sometimes when some of their work to think of it this way, source of power that will be stronger.
    Director Wang Can: the state of a higher level, is not just a job, do a more great things.
    Li Jiaming: even the building lighting, before he died, possibly millions of home I made out of the bulb, is also a kind of happiness.
    Liu Ge: this thing before this, we have done a lot of research, but also to find a lot of experts, in fact speaking to the press this thing, now the whole society generally are higher income, but the happiness index in reducing. One study, from the whole world, is so. In a time of rapid economic growth, will encounter such problems. Including Japan in the 60's, 70's, Taiwan, Hongkong, South Korea will such in the 80's and 90's..
    Is that it may like to accelerate the speed of the shuttle in time, our Shenzhou 6 rise, the astronauts feel more pressure, economic development, all of us feel a lot of pressure, after the pressure big, happy will be reduced, now we ask this question, now people who have depression many, many are successful people and met previously unthinkable.
    That is what has this man, what what, but in the end will commit suicide. His happiness is too small, we should not want to suggest that everyone. The breadwinner is needed, somebody is needed, fame is needed, the most important measure of our life is happy or not, this life is successful or not, or when you happy, or when not much happier. If you are in this life, all this for a lifetime, but you are not happy, we feel that it is hardly a success.
    Wang Can Moderator: I see a netizen speaking about pressure pressure, every day I work pressure is very great, in order to work and future, is rushing all day, sometimes even want to quit the job, buy a ticket to Lhasa, what all don't want to future, in this process in a little when you feel happy, how can happy, the source power we have just said is on the one hand, what better advice? You have just talked about is indeed a lot of pressure, some people want to get rid of this burden, want to go to a vacuum state.
    Liu Ge: the other day I heard a human resources experts said, "Why are we alive now, are now alive as we resume, finally gave me when the others, have what performance, this is my life records, from the perspective of human resources, to say from the enterprise perspective, this is right. Your past performance also shows how I with you in the future, to you how much salary. But if we say, we are fully alive to this piece of resume table, this life too tired, I feel now may be relatively young people, have more choices.
    Have more can the cost of failure is to go, I feel really want to feel tired not, quit their jobs, I have many friends, they now may not have the friend so young, also do such a thing, is to come up with such as half a year or a few months, I will go to travel, do you want to do something, no company tolerate you ask such a long holiday, then quit, now the society provides such a platform and opportunity.
    Li Jiaming: in fact is timid, live quite objective, the causes of unhappiness is the unhappy put in the mouth, you see I do have a car general mobilization, a girl touched me, girl for eight years in a foreign company, in eight years of doing not know why, eight years earn money to buy an SUV, the country ran for four years running. Many people say you crazy, savings were over. She said she found a new target to Switzerland tourism management, your next target is Lhasa. Don't hesitate in Beijing.
    Wang Can Moderator: do things to expect to do, don't hesitate.
    Li Jiaming: I think this is scary.
    Wang Can Moderator: now there are a lot of friends in the watch our interview, there are a lot of people concerned about the famous host of Jia ming. Ask you to work the biggest happiness is what, you didn't answer me, a lot of people ask you happy at work? And I'd particularly like to know about your work? You come across anything unhappy? How do you keep a happy mood, a lot of problems, you first select the two or three answer.
    Li Jiaming: I'm fine, thank you care about, from Liu teacher tells us happy working three indicators, the sense of achievement, growth and a sense of belonging, from my personal feeling, a sense of belonging slightly weak point, this is very normal, China only a CCTV, competition is very intense, very difficult for you to have your own me what is the CCTV what, I just stay here for a lifetime,
    Liu Ge: the competition is relatively small, or small company's sense of belonging will be strong, this is the result of our investigation. For example, the type of business, several elder brother, you do a partnership, once successfully into a big frame, large companies is relatively weak.
    Li Jiaming: basically I happiness comes from a sense of achievement and growing feeling, a sense of achievement is not to say, after all, what is a 30 year old kid, to have such a program in the state media, have this form to speak, let your opinion. This feeling makes you feel very lucky, because usually when you really brother several meals, nobody listens to you. Now there is a growing sense to listen to you, so many people, because such a place is very competitive, find yourself a year are in change, he now and change a few years ago the great, the two feeling is you let me love this job, the core reason and kept me going.
    Of course, doing so may a sense of belonging is better, maybe people already think I have is CCTV everyone liked the moderator, you loathe to give up when you leave, maybe that is a few years later things.
    Wang Can Moderator: online said I was like "absolute challenge", like Jia ming. There's no need to worry. In fact, you begin, there are several problems, are you happy? Basically is happy, in the work, said how do you seek happiness, you have told us is also a source of power. Let's have a look of other users.
    You really happy? There are problems? If have?
    Li Jiaming: certainly bothered, no distress is a lie. Teacher Liu and distress, wondering how to get this party, pondering this activity to do, must have a trouble.
    Wang Can Moderator: there is a net friend asked, when you encounter not happy thing, how do you deal with? This is an attitude adjustment and happy work should also be very relevant, how do you deal with, or you give users what advice?
    Li Jiaming: I this suggestion, old father says exit from the heart, the environment is good or not, depends entirely on your mood at that time and mood, sometimes too hard will not happy, have to say, this cup of water optimist said there is a half cup of water, pessimistic people say, bad, and half a cup of water. Attitude is very important. Young people should go to the competition, want to work hard, but you must not overexert, must give oneself leave adequate leeway to step back, learn to comfort yourself.
    For example, I did a show today, after finishing is not good, the audience criticized a lot, leadership is not satisfied, then certainly very sad, the next opportunity may be lost, may be how how, this is you want is not good, you want to good, Li matter good aspects new column, to sum up experience in order to have a harvest, next time you tell yourself should not make the mistake, the mistake is made is, see how you think, adjust state of mind of their own, change a point of view.
   