    Page first: "absolute challenge" column editor Liu Ge and the famous CCTV host Li Jiaming guest Sohu second pages: what Li Jiaming about the greatest happiness in the work? Page third: Liu Ge talks about the main reason the unhappy young man working in the fourth page: happy working days and CCTV best employer survey activity progress Wang Can Moderator: watch our program friend on the Internet, most likely is the general staff, you can appeal to you, hope that we can establish the bosses of this concept, we put staff as their customers, just from the front a few minutes chatting, the first station in the general staff of the angle, a personal point of view, the back we talked to the enterprise, talked about the happy work, actually in the final analysis or two aspects, the enterprises of both sides to the staff, the staff of the enterprises of both sides to do some work, employees are willing to put forth his unhappy say, have not happy in some way adjustment, more enterprises try for the staff to create a happy, standing in the perspective of employees.
    We say happy working day and a happy work here, then please teacher Liu told us about the party.
    Liu Ge: now we have 20 companies, this is through our one hundred voters.
    Wang Can Moderator: 20 has produced?
    Liu Ge: No, now coming soon to produce 20 enterprises, is the expert vote, is an external investigation to one, but there is a basis, is all willing to participate in the activities of the enterprise, their human resources manager to our fill more detailed questionnaire, experts use this as a reference to vote and select 20, this 20 enterprises, and cooperation in the investigation of our institutions, social survey center of Peking University, they will enter into the internal 20 enterprises to carry out a survey of employees.
    The employee survey is we finally choose the best employer basis. We sent their staff questionnaire, these employees fill out the questionnaire, according to the statistics, we finally choose the employer of the year. In the last few days, the last two or three days of December 29th, there will be a party.
    The party we will invite some guests, also can ask these to obtain the title of the enterprise. Give prizes to them.
    Li Jiaming: the last staff judges out?
    Wang Can Moderator: that these experts?
    Liu Ge: they help us early worth investigating these enterprises to choose.
    Li Jiaming: how to avoid the interference of enterprise?
    Liu Ge: to provide enterprises with the roster, randomly selected, but the enterprise interference, we may want to also do some work to mobilize enterprises, but not specific to each individual, and all the people, all is in the business of people without the presence of the anonymous to fill in the questionnaire, the enterprise can not when people tracking.
    Liu Ge: we are now in the planning of the party, now the initial can reveal a bit, for example, Zhu Deyong, you should know this man, he published a book with us a book, "on the work this thing.". There is a boss with headgear person, also is with the robber is almost. We think he has a lot of dictum aphorism between employers and employees of this relationship, on the inside so we put him to go to the scene. This basically has settled, no what big surprise to the scene, with the cartoon.
    Of course the general awards ceremony for these things must have, but at this time, we feel that the protagonist, while sitting in the table is the representative of the enterprise, is the employer's representative, but in practice, they have to face the problem, is proposed to employee problems. Usually, we absolutely challenge, 52 times a year, is the boss serious Wei sat behind the counter to test our players, so they sat on the stand today, accept employee torture. These questions are collected from employees.
    Through what forms, such as Jia Ming is the representative of employees, put a question to them through the staff representatives, in what problem, how to solve their companies, such as the provisions of the same department, can not fall in love, and now we both love how to do, is not to a certain one of them to fired, such a problem, and we both are the backbone of the rules you company does not make sense, sense, how to do to deal with this problem? Very detail.
    Wang Can Moderator: This is a very interesting question, if the site has such questions.
    Li Jiaming: the most fun thing is for so many years has been the candidates placed in a weak position, your resume I to meet you.
    Wang Can Moderator: generally cautiously and carefully, to answer your question, why can't I choose you.
    Liu Ge: they can go up to now, is a very good business, really the employee is very harmonious.
    Wang Can Moderator: I see 40 enterprises, is very well-known, the pride will have. Also see a phenomenon, the Internet enterprise, it seems more. There are about six.
    Liu Ge: there are some enterprises can wear slippers to work. In some other arrangements, we may arrange for some, such as some literary elements in it, these elements can and our theme is attached, the last is not settled.
    Wang Can Moderator: Garmin then?
    Liu Ge: he'll go, he can represent the staff to ask questions. In the CCTV2 before and after new year's day, there are a series of year-end inventory program. Now called economic ceremony, we are economy ceremony ending. Finale, main event.
    Wang Can Moderator: there are many netizens to pay close attention to this problem, also hope that in December 29th when to pay attention to that party, may bring you more surprise.
    Liu Ge: because we are recording, on the evening of January 4, 2006, 8 central two sets of broadcast.
    Wang Can Moderator: because of the time, finally we asked two again to say a few words about the topic of today, happy work, happy work day. First, happy work. You don't stand in the director's point of view, is your work, usually about the happy view, summed up a few words.
    Liu Ge: let me from my own perspective, not happy factors mainly comes from pressure, sometimes the pressure is very big still. But it is one of the two aspects of the problem, the pressure it is one aspect of your happy. Because you're doing a very important thing, when you do good, will bring you a sense of achievement sense.
    So in such an era of everyone, to withstand the pressure of words, it is a complementary one situation, so I hope more cases, we can have a balance on their own, can have a balance on their own, there is pressure to do not let the pressure down, this is the greatest for me personally feeling.
    Li Jiaming: when work is not happy, to put his bag of money carefully, to spend, spend your money to those who make you happy place, you may be working at the moment, no happy feeling slightly a little bit.
    Liu Ge: a lot of girls Is it right? Have this habit ah.
    Li Jiaming: whatever you work happy, but the work will give us a salary, work happy and our life is happy or not has no direct relationship. The only bond may be money. I think it is necessary to separate. Life is not to work, I think this is your work more happy, more to myself on a credit card money is clear, dry your own happy things. For example, the dude, you want to go to Lhasa to go to Lhasa.
    Wang Can Moderator: many girls are not in a good mood, will go to the store credit card.
    Liu Ge: you second days of work to alleviate.
    Li Jiaming: you can please yourself like boys to go to the movies?
    Wang Can Moderator: if I want to please "absolute challenge" of the host to go to the movies he doesn't agree with?
    Li Jiaming: that just happen. Be sure to let the life become a quality, this is particularly important, can't work on the unhappy mood to the life, so the vicious circle.
    Wang Can Moderator: take away the work not happy mood, when life is happy, the happy mood to the work.
    Liu Ge: the most ideal state, in the work to feel happy, this happiness brought to life, life will be more happy.
    Li Jiaming: This is often not too much work today is not happy, you to the ghost Street 50 rabbits each Ma snacks, you eat a thought, you dare to Zhang Zhaoyang I eat it?
    Wang Can Moderator: when it comes to happiness, and just say tomorrow is Friday, the first Friday in December, tomorrow is a happy working days, two tomorrow what you want to do.
    Liu Ge: tomorrow I was unhappy, I just try to make everyone feel happy, tomorrow the job very much, but in the morning must have a good mood, I will give you a is our a problem now, is own test on the Internet can be a friend today, now that their level of happiness. The problem is this. Meditation myself in a minute, eat grapes, don't spit grape skins, read, then oneself cansilently number, to the number of times. Don't use a break finger. Grapes do not spit grape skin. The mind again and again remember. This test, the results let us test.
    Wang Can Moderator: now we give a minute, Jia Ming test site.
    Wang Can Moderator: netizens, now you can try oh.
    Li Jiaming: I say it seven times.
    Wang Can Moderator: users must also be in the test, remember their own digital, teacher Liu published test answer.
    Liu Ge: on the same day the problem, I in the office were also tested.
    Found that there really is some truth. Is do you think you can read many times now, the more times you happy now read, explain the relatively high degree of. The seven is relatively low, is now the host of torture, in this place there are lights, this is not a state, not interference, in a very quiet scene, then put in front of us, and then use a minute, his attention not to use a pen or snapping fingers to remember, do not spit grape eat the grape skin, again, don't have to learn the somebody else read tongue twisters as read, the key is to be able to remember their number, if not remember very low, explain their convinced dryness.
    Li Jiaming: later, read very comfortable boss says I have to stand beside you for a minute, I have been very Wohuo.
    Liu Ge: people in a very tense time, pressure big, messy mind, not easy to calm down. But if the status is good, can calm down.
    Liu Ge: we'll be on TV tomorrow, on the radio, on the Internet will be used so that we test.
    Wang Can Moderator: today's test the netizen, tomorrow can test your colleagues oh.
    Wang Can Moderator: tomorrow is a happy work, what do you think of Jia ming.
    Li Jiaming: I think, and I especially hope that all the friends, including my friends, have you that work in the most unhappy that point out, looking for it, the first thing we happy this year working day, your most unhappy things out.
    Liu Ge: like and students relationship is not good, and leadership relations are not good, or the pressure is too large, or earned so little money, this day to reflect on what, what let me not happy, how can we make me happy.
    Li Jiaming: just find a point, when tomorrow happy working day, the reason you least happy say, tell your friends, tell yourself, I feel that there is help for you in the coming year.
    Wang Can Moderator: today we chat to talk to these, both happy work theme, to talk to is happy day tomorrow, I hope everyone on 4 January night watch annual employer survey CCTV2 release party, Xie Xieliu teacher, thank you for the famous host Jiaming, thank you user participation, thank you!
    Editor: Xu Xiaoshu
