    Page first: "absolute challenge" column editor Liu Ge and the famous CCTV host Li Jiaming guest Sohu second pages: what Li Jiaming about the greatest happiness in the work? Page third: Liu Ge talks about the main reason the unhappy young man working in the fourth page: happy working days and CCTV best employer survey activity progress Wang Can Moderator: summed up a lot of, their own how to deal with this problem, state of mind ah, empathy, is to give users suggestions below to be able to help him, I hope you happy the working people are able to understand these aspects, especially empathy I think is very important.
    Li Jiaming: in fact, the boss is not easy, many people admire Zhang Zhaoyang, if I were you, I would not when Zhang Zhaoyang, as a single individual is very common, the same experience, but to carry so much pressure on the media, to laugh, hub in the past and Jane Zhang photography. Sohu each school in one point two three from Zhang Zhaoyang body, Zhang Zhaoyang fell asleep, wake up will be happy.
    Wang Can Moderator: later will tell our boss. Still say happy work, the representative problems and we say that from a questionnaire on the selection of a few.
    Liu Ge: I think you may not be happy, the somebody else say happy families are the same. Every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. The unhappy person is unhappy in its own way happy. The US survey, for example, may for the young friends, for the ideal future so that they may be one reason for not happy now.
    For your work now, let me feel the own goal from getting closer, the target has nothing to do with me, or let him away from my goal now, I see it, only 30% of people think that what I do, do the work, is away from my ideal is getting more and more near, toward my ideal diligently, toward my life, to the target direction I developed to move forward, but there are 2/3 people think I didn't get into such a state now, I do with my ideal is not consistent. Such words will produce an unhappy factors.
    There you can see our this investigation, you think of their relationship and boss, this factor is very important. About 21% of people think that his boss Youde not only barely competent, 24% non talented German near and far, 21% of people think that non German idiot a.
    Li Jiaming: this question votes very average. I estimate that is free, a certain things you think he is a genius, one thing think he is a blockhead.
    Wang Can Moderator: empathy you said is very important, should be adjusted, some people may think my boss have both talent and virtue, I admire him, some people think that it is a blockhead, empathy, may to the boss like some more.
    Li Jiaming: we say that the old. Consequently, if the boss in this respect is very annoying, but he must have a very strong, otherwise can't sit to the boss's position, unless the company is his own open.
    Liu Ge: many people think that work is a large pressure, is tired, is not happy. Some think the work can find happiness, actually I think may be the benevolent people, wise. Everyone in the society now, maybe your boss for you, is your boss, but he is someone else's subordinates, you are now feeling he give you pressure, but you do not feel someone to give him pressure.
    But for enterprises, enterprise existence value lies in it to generate profits, so, there is a natural contradiction and we are happy work. So here, we want to find the equilibrium, we not calls on everyone to go to work, then happiness, is to find a balance that. The boss except in improving efficiency, increase production, on such a basis, is more concerned about the staff, more concerned about the staff of life, concerned about the growth of staff, the other employees in the work, but also to learn the bitter fun, to learn how to resolve such pressure, such as what a regulating mentality, another this inside also have some skills, perhaps not their own work style, this will do very tired, in this case, I especially like a word, originally called seeking common ground while putting aside differences.
    The word is to seek common ground while reserving differences, presumably this means. We are all able to tolerate each other, it is for employees and employers can deny that target understand each other between different, of course, enterprises and individuals are the same, but there are certainly different places. Each other can tolerate such a different place, each multi station considering some problems in each other's point of view, we want to advocate is such, the so-called harmony is such a meaning.
    Li Jiaming: personage, Shi thaw people melt. The two problem happy boss should note, for we have the confidence to the future, confident that accounted for 14%, the boss think of one thousand employees today, in fact, very confident, only 14% of them, you see here is a very delicate number, feel a little confidence is 41%, such a large base to have a little faith, have a lot of confidence was 14%, 14 plus 41 is a half, this is the enterprise culture.
    Liu Ge: have a little faith on doing more work.
    Li Jiaming: including the very cruel, for their own services feel very proud, only 8%. That is to say the water margin 108, only 8 think he is a hero, the rest is a loser.
    Wang Can Moderator: do you think the problem comes from the enterprise and employees?
    Li Jiaming: I think the main reason is the enterprise.
    Wang Can Moderator: why enterprises can't give me for my enterprise full of confidence and proud feeling? So happy to work not only for the individual, is also very important for enterprises, enterprises have to think.
    Liu Ge: This is based, one generated in a happy state of labor efficiency is not the same and not happy when the. When in a good mood, the working efficiency is high, from the perspective of enterprise management, but also good, let your employees close behind, employees will scold you in the back, so efficiency is not likely to be high.
    If you would make an effort to, a heart to think, you very well, very happy, very high efficiency. So the enterprise how, I feel good said very well, actually put this variable, as much as 40% variables can be won over, it is not the same company.
    Li Jiaming: this point Sohu do well, Zhang Zhaoyang is doing well. If the survey on Sohu to do, this index is very high, the logo is not only the external image of Sohu, is for all the staff's confidence. Why? The Olympic Games have chosen to Sohu, that people think, so we choose is right.
    Wang Can Moderator: so we work in Sohu proud.
    Li Jiaming: there must be a process, after the Olympic Games, Sohu also depend on what, I mean that teacher Liu told variable, this is the main problem of enterprise, 40% people have feelings, our working people is very good, with petty.
    Liu Ge: there are some business, I give one example, is Li Kaifu you have heard of this name, now he jumped out of the Microsoft, to GOOGLE, to recruit fifty people, one of them is the chef. Move head 50 to have a senior chef, is not a casual 800 money, get the most low cook company staff meal. Recruiting a senior chef cook for employees. I don't know how to cook the evaluation grade, the said out, one thing is very cattle.
    Li Jiaming: you see this is our central Taiwan lunch, CCTV lunch on printed.
    Liu Ge: it is a thing very face, this things possible, employees pride strong. Enterprises have the boss he said I do this, one of the things I like to do most and with the maximum energy to do, is to know my different employees, including production line workers, their names, know what to call his wife, know how much his children, and if the day of production line call his name, ask at home, this day he must be very happy.
    Wang Can Moderator: this time if there is a leadership over to pat the shoulder and said, Jia Ming your "absolute challenge" doing fantastic. This is not only the understanding, to small firms, to know a person is not very difficult, but also very important to encourage the employees.
    Li Jiaming: these skills something, usually books are taught, communication and anyone is a courtesy to remember people's names. Looking back, the staff is your business partner, should pay more attention to these aspects.
    Liu Ge: some raised the staff is our internal customers, especially in the development of enterprises in the enterprise, is very concerned about the customer, the customer is God, the paste on the wall, say every day, but the employee is also God, that is also our customers. From this point of view to understand the words, may not the same attitude.
    
