    Recently, China human resources development network combined with many well-known domestic media, using the most popular international work values questionnaire, starting in 2005 for "what" you "work" survey, 7632 "working people" in answer truly reveal Chinese is for "what" and "work, value what's in the work"......
    People have done such a statistics: if a person living at the age of 72, on average, the distribution of his time is about: sleep for 20 years, 14 years of work, entertainment, sports for 8 years, eat 6 years, the car walk 5 years, make up 5 years, 4 years and 3 years to chat, read a book, et al 3 years ill call, 3 years, 1 years. This one bed occupied most of the time, we need not mean time physiology. Then, second "wasting time and life" activities is to work, in a "busy" sound, you have not settled down to what I thought: "what is" work?
    Question 1: expect work "what"?
    Answer: nearly 8 into Chinese hope at work can "be respected"
    You are not on whether the working conditions a bit picky, but particularly wish to engage in meaningful and fulfilling work, can have the freedom and influential enough to get the job done? Or a special value obtained by job rewards, including material, spiritual various aspects of first-class return? The answer to this question reveals Chinese most expect "what in the work".
    The survey results show that, the vast majority of Chinese at work all hope "to be respected", "their work can influence", "work on personal growth to help", "work has the sense of achievement", "work can get recognition". From the results, we can find that, Chinese at work the most important is not the "salary", "welfare" and other external rewards, not "stable", "work environment" and other external conditions, but some "intrinsic rewards".
    Question 2: different groups of work value
    Answer: This is a multiple choice, have a look who loves "perfect", "who loves who loves entrepreneurship", "enjoy", who only "return"?
    The survey by the cluster analysis method on all the survey data are analyzed, the results show that, according to the work of different values can be divided into the following 6 categories to Chinese:
    Job satisfaction: this type of people especially the hope and their interest, to engage in a more meaningful work.
    The idealist: these people have paid great attention to the working conditions, work activities, work reward and respect at work and influence.
    Enjoy type: this kind of most people value the work conditions are relatively good, stable job, don't need to work overtime, work schedule to meet their individual needs.
    Swim type: this kind of person does not pay attention to the working conditions, work activities, work reward and respect at work and influence, mostly reconcile oneself to one's situation people.
    Return drive type: such people especially value returns obtained by work, including material, spiritual various aspects of first-class return.
    Business type: this kind of person to work conditions are not a little picky, they want to engage in meaningful and fulfilling work, can have the freedom and influential enough to get the job done.
    Editor: Yang Lin
