    College Students' employment supply and demand do not match highlights
    In 2006, the biggest obstacle to university graduates job is supply and demand do not match. The survey showed that the defendants released the latest: a monthly salary of 1000 yuan has become the graduate's employment bottom line; more than 70% of enterprises believe that the graduates of 2005 mediocre performance in the work, the lack of sense of responsibility, willing to endure hardship and poor adaptation to the environment become a graduate of fatal injury.
    The survey covered 27 domestic provinces and cities in 40 key university the 58000 graduates, 5800 enterprises access involves 33 major industries. In the companies surveyed, 3515 plan again this year to recruit graduates. 3108 of them explicitly the recruitment of the number of vacancies, provide 6 -- 65000, 1/3 increase over the previous year. But a lot of the recruitment of graduates are not many enterprises, plans to recruit more than 100 people in the enterprise only 148, less than 5%.
    The survey also found that, private enterprises have become the biggest provider of employment opportunities, income level has provided close to foreign enterprises. 1169 private enterprises plan to recruit 2.8 -- 30000 graduates, beyond the foreign 2.2 -- 23000 of the demand for talents.
    Area the most willing to work 2006 of the graduates are Shanghai, Beijing and Guangdong, followed by Zhejiang province and Jiangsu province. Graduates are "economically developed, more opportunities, the average income is relatively high," as the first criteria for the selection of working area.
    The hot industries asymmetry of supply and demand
    The contradiction between supply and demand of college students in job hunting, not only in quantity and ranking, because the knowledge, ability is not matching, the enterprise says "not optimistic about being able to recruit suitable for college students".
    Investigation shows, plans to recruit graduates up to the five industries are: computer, electronic technology, fast moving consumer goods, bio pharmaceutical and real estate, the number of 3.8 -- 39000. While the graduates willing to join the first of the five major industries as follows: Telecom, financial securities, computer, Internet and trade.
    In the communication of telecom industry, the recruitment scale and income growth are shrinking, the talent demand of digital column thirteenth. The proportion of the traditional fixed network operator personnel have been high, emerging technology talent 3G, NGN, IPTV and other aspects of the scarce, companies are more willing to recruit master and doctoral graduates.
    In the computer and electronics industry, enterprises to recruit graduates mainly engaged in technology research and development and application of technology, a high degree of professional knowledge requirements. Such as the national Intel plan recruit 500 people, mainly considering the above master graduates, undergraduates job road is not optimistic.
    Financial security personnel has been a popular talent market. But the financial securities industry is currently the main lacking business personnel and high-level management personnel, the enterprise usually only recruit two or three graduates as the talents reserve.
    While the demand of the fast moving consumer goods and wholesale and retail industry, in graduates willing to engage in the industry ranked respectively fifteenth and twenty-fourth, bio pharmaceutical industry listed nineteenth, willing to work in the insurance industry is 721 students, the last column third.
    A large number of sales positions No one shows any interest in
    Sales is the most heavily on the function as the enterprise income, but the majority of the students are reluctant to engage in full of ambition. It is said that the insurance company to a key university contact campus recruitment, employment guidance office teachers directly advise enterprises to give up, no graduates to do insurance representative.
    The survey found, enterprises lack most of the sales personnel, to provide the vacancy of 2.96 -- 30300; the second is the development and application of technology of 8770 -- 9480; again is the production of manufacturing and engineering, process design and advertising and other aspects of the talent market. 3515 plans to recruit 2006 graduates in 2866 enterprises, let the graduates do sales work; 148 recruitment scale of more than 100 enterprises, more than 95% graduate recruitment as a function of marketing.
    But graduates who are willing to engage in work function were the top five: technology development, market advertising, human resource management, trade procurement and administrative logistics, number of people willing to engage in sales in the eighth row.
    The investigation and analysis, many graduates think that sales work to look at his face, just graduated no social relations and sales channels, often tired also not to earn money. Have the students thought, sales technical content is low, unstable or disreputable. Interestingly, many of the students are willing to engage in foreign trade work, think it and general sales of different income, not only can improve faster, but also can reach the international ltd..
    By the might of the biopharmaceutical industry. Many multinational companies are trying to recruit university graduates, train and reserve sales personnel. But a lot of medical school graduates said rather in a small hospital with low wages, do not think of the Multi-National Corporation as a medical representative.
    Experts say, no more can cultivate people's will quality and communication ability than sales work. China services requires a large number of both the professional knowledge and skills of marketing personnel, a car sales manager's annual salary of about 500000 yuan, outstanding insurance representative annual salary of up to 1 million yuan, but such a talent often has no price city.
    Plan to recruit graduates of the top eight industries
    Graduates who are willing to engage in the top eight industries
    Graduates expected income (on) and enterprise pay level (lower) comparison