    Reporter: the people who come to the consultation, the habit of complaining visitors the proportion accounted for much?
    Dou Ji: out of the many professional consulting case, at least half of the more professional problems visitors will habitually complain, complain and directly caused by hopping accounted for 38%.
    Reporter: these complaints reflected in what areas?
    Dou Ji: is reflected in various ways, complaining about the boss with human injustice, complain that the company's salary was too low, complaining about colleagues not good cooperation, customers do not deal with complaints...... In a word, the job is affecting him.
    We received a surname Chen engineers, in fact, his company is small famous in the industry, he is very like this job, but the company is still in the initial stage of development, the management is very chaotic, the boss often temporary decision, the most let Chen couldn't stand was the boss only consider the customer to take, to get the money again and as there is no ability to solve customer problems later. In this environment, complain became Chen habits. A colleague told him, but he couldn't stop it. Until one day is complaining, hear the boss said to him, "do you think the company is not good, tomorrow will not come."
    Reporter: why complain?
    Dou Ji: complaints from disappointment and impatience. The analysis results of sunward Career Consulting Co., said the cause of employees complain is mainly manifested in the following aspects:
    1 see no company or individual development prospects;
    2 Not expected a promotion;
    3 owners of the commitment can not deliver;
    4 lack of interest in current occupation;
    5 Tense interpersonal relationship;
    6 work fatigue;
    7 working pressure;
    8 it is not credible.
    Reporter: management of complaining employees generally have what reaction?
    Dou Ji: in another part of the higher end of the body we receive for the company manager, manager of the consultants, we found another interesting phenomenon should be relatively and many of them were his clients, colleagues, subordinates complain about heart gaunt, but to complain the subordinate, the most direct the most commonly used method is: to think of a way to cut him!
    Reporter: complaints will lead?
    Dou Ji: complaining is the direct cause layoffs and forced job hopping. Complain let us lose motivation, negative attitude, work, the results were not to come out, also affected the morale of the team. The staff of this complaint in some extent reflects the lack of loyalty. Because the complaint, many employees cannot resist the temptation of more opportunities, or can not afford the enterprise temporary predicament, so negative confrontation or job hopping. If you ask around bosses, what is in his team the most didn't like to hear, he probably would have readily answer is "complain". Once a person can replace you, or don't need you, put you cut out is their most common means.
    Reporter: as occupation consultants, provide what recommend you give love to complain about?
    Dou Ji: complaining, let you tired of enterprises, but also let the enterprise get tired of you. Our proposal is:
    One, to close their mouth love complain. First start from don't complain, complain can't solve the problem forever, will only make things worse.
    Two, the complaint into constructive comments. People who complain actually heart already had the attitude to some things or solution might not be valued or its lack of initiative, so can only complain. If the boss's point of view from the idea of their own, more initiative and acceptable way to the boss, the boss should be very welcome.
    Three, looking for their own reasons. For interpersonal tension, fatigue, work pressure, not to trust and other causes of complaints, first find the reasons from themselves. Have a look is not working method problems, communication ability is not good enough, some find no way to relieve stress, and pay more attention to their popularity.
    Four, the search for more suitable for their own road of development. As not to see the development prospects of the company and the individual, the current work is not interested in this kind of cause of complaint, can make other considerations, to seek a more suitable for their own road of development.
    Editor: Yang Lin
    