    Reporters recently in Communication University of China's campus recruitment, a network editor professional Lin classmate told reporters on a training his experience: "one day, my phone suddenly appeared a message: Congratulations you training award the company the value of 4000 yuan, with the text messages to the company organization free high-end training courses, after the end of the course you will be enrolled as' reserve managers' salary rich. Inscribe a company. " Lin received the message not to wonder: who is the sender? How did he know my mobile phone number? How do you know I was anxious to find a job? I've never been to the company delivered resume?
    As eager to apply for a job, Kobayashi or hurried to the company, to know, the company had was from a recruitment website publicity materials in the "choice" in their own. The so-called pre accepted the position of "reserve managers" is replaced by "financial specialist". After the free training, Lin learned that, the company had put himself is to do insurance salesman. Kobayashi major is "network", and sales did not touch, and poor discourse he was business manager praised became "he had seen the most suitable for sale graduates, do sales will be a lifelong regret".
    Lim started selling the ship. He Qizaotanhei did more than a month, really back to a few single business, his confidence, prepare the gloves are off. When the manager said to him: "you have done well, but lack the expertise, the company needs to professional training for you, please pay 1000 yuan training fees." Lin Q: "I did a month, did not get a penny, how to pay?" The company said, do not pay the training fee can leave, but after a month's salary not work.
    Reporters learned that the "mobile phone pull students" is a new move there in campus recruitment, some companies employ Recruitment Clerk to the recruitment website collect graduates mobile phone data, to award a temptation to defraud the training fee. In this regard, the graduates should pay attention to, if the interview of some of their own is not known or not on the resume of the company, should the query to the relevant departments in advance, to verify the real situation of the company, and the Internet search on the company's website, determine the size and the needs of the people, and then go to a job interview or training.
    Editor: Yang Lin
