    Man is a social animal, can not be divorced from the social and life; especially in the workplace, more can not be avoided and many people interact. But everybody has their own unique ideas. At this time, if only to insist their own thinking, unable to communicate with others, so in the relationship between people and communication, there will be contradictions, in the work, also can produce a lot of obstacles. This time, people tend to blame the "environment" sorry for myself, but also for through all their regret. Or even, in order to cope with these unpleasant, and learn all kinds of bad means, want to manipulate retaliate others.
    At this time, people saw the others for their own "villain", but he became the eyes of others "villain". In any case, if the total that the dilemmas of life not the fault of their own, but others put to myself, would be very unhappy, but also full of powerlessness. Because often because is unable to solve the predicament, they naturally can not bring their own potential, to let oneself live a non self will of life.
    Because as long as the person is being emotional stuck, it is difficult to correctly use their wisdom to see if any problems. But although invisible to the crux of the problem, and in order to survive, to find reasons for themselves, with rational excuse to make their behavior is a sense of justice. Such a man is living in "self defense", live in hostility and resentment. Therefore, for the weakness of others feel it difficult to tolerate, therefore very easy cynicism character, but also created the interpersonal relationship is not perfect.
    Advice: "if you can do to experience their true face inside, accurately understand yourself, and to be honest with yourself, there would be no sense of helplessness, but also not blame others, face their own source of security. When feeling a sense of security of life, there is the ability to appreciate and understand others difference. To obtain security by controlling others. But in order to be able to tolerant pleasure to communicate with others; more ability to help others, others will be."
    "It is natural for joy and emotion to pay, also like to accept the feelings of others. Come to enjoy their own achievements, more support and praise the achievements of others. "Noble" have a passion for life, you can also enjoy the work and life of other various aspects, and attract appreciation and help their "noble".
    Editor: Yang Lin
