    Looking for an annual salary of 1000000 yuan of above occupation many white-collar workers as the dream. In a city like Nanjing, how no one really got million annual salary? The reporter made a survey.
    Two kinds of lawyers may over 1 million annual salary
    In many people's opinion, the lawyer is often with "high" together, when a reporter to Nanjing all division line of director Wang verify the matter, he said: "Nanjing lawyer salary of millions may be only the one or two big law firm director and partner. Average annual per capita income of ordinary law around 10 - 200000 yuan." Then he introduces to the reporter two kinds of lawyers the salary may be ultra million annual salary of the highest: economic law. In the financial, securities litigation, the young lawyer on probation a month may be only 1000 yuan, the senior lawyers earn a year 1000000 yuan no problem, partner class lawyers have higher incomes. Do enterprise legal adviser, annual income is also very impressive. At present, the enterprise legal adviser annual revenue of about 500000 yuan, and some even more than 1000000 yuan annual income. In recent years, as more and more attention to the enterprise of labor law, now for the enterprise labor the judges will more money. The reporters found that in the bar association to rummage from 10 years ago, when a common lawyer's monthly salary is 1000 yuan, and now has nearly 25000 yuan, a difference of 25 times. It seems, lawyers earn really in the fast turn up, a lot of people are marching to the million annual salary.
    Accountants actuaries examination certificate, Yang get high salary
    Yesterday, a Nanjing accountant office director Zhang told reporters, has 30 years of experience to his current annual income can reach 500000 yuan. With about one year working experience in ACCA (certified public accountant) graduates, the average annual salary of nearly 100000 yuan, two to three years of experience in 300000 yuan, can be more than 5 years to 600000 yuan. Therefore, in order to get a higher salary, in addition to obtain the corresponding qualification, essential accumulation experience, because the experience can give you efficient management ability, handling the emergency ability. Director Zhang said, currently on the market of general and primary financial personnel apparent oversupply, but high-end financial talents are priceless, young accountant (CPA) have CPA or ACCA certificate is the only way which must be passed. CPA is a local "a gilded signboard", overall level of salary can reach 300000 yuan per year; and known as the "financial community MBA" ACCA, will make it easier for you to enter the transnational enterprise, become with million annual salary of the director of finance. But the director Zhang also said, salary accounting personnel should not only be "accounts", but also have a comprehensive planning, risk assessment and long term financial strategy development capability, and is familiar with the relevant financial, legal and management knowledge, and be good at communication and expression. In addition, the actuarial profession is still in the initial stage in China, currently only 43 national actuary, 18 quasi actuarial. To become a qualified actuary, going through two stages: the first stage, complete insurance, finance, statistics, mathematics and so on more than a dozen courses, get enough credit, become the quasi actuarial; the second stage, after a period of time working with the actual work experience, can apply for and participate in the International Registration of Actuaries certificate examination. Because the entire process takes up to ten years of unremitting efforts, therefore, very successful, with salary increasing qualifications. An actuary is absolutely "antique value", the older the more valuable.
    The insurance industry elite, earn a commission
American AIA in 1992 into the insurance agent system Chinese, 1994 to Jiangsu. Jiangsu's 130000 insurance agents on some $million people. The reporter found Nanjing a life insurance company supervision level character Mr. Lu (a pseudonym), his own preliminary estimates, the first 9 months of this year's revenue reached 900000 yuan. Mr. Lu said, different types of successful sell out after extraction, the commission ratio are not the same, only the first 5% low premium, high 50% are possible, that is to say, the first year of the insured to pay the premium, there may be half into the agent's pockets. Second years third years continued to pay the premium, the Commission will continue to extract, but the ratio will be lower. Is your work with quiet hard application business, may take several hundred thousand a year. If you want to over a million yuan to close greatly, must go up, in a higher position to receive "management allowance". The management only senior agent can enjoy the allowance. It is understood, the insurance company has a strict examination system to the agent. Common clerk for several months to do business, you will be eliminated, and from common clerk sat to the steering position, a director, manager and so on several levels to climb slowly, each grade and senior, senior several grades -- everything on performance to speak. Of course, as Mr. Lu so easily cross the million annual salary, after all, is very rare in the insurance agent.
    There are six kinds of popular posts
    Foreign companies still white-collar "rich", but want to inside mix a million annual salary, it seems difficult to. A senior people engaged in human resources consulting, the future there are at least six popular posts. The chief representative of the 1 major brands of many luxury goods manufacturers have changed the original production please department store sold on behalf of practice, their invested large amounts of funds, the establishment of chain stores, are in urgent need of professionals engaged in the management of. 2 to lead the national overall marketing staff for this position, high degree is not the bottleneck. But 5 years product management experience in planning the national market, very few people. As for the 10 years of experience, is the rare product. Director of finance company 3 big company finance director requires not only proficient in financial policy, but also integrate the East and the West different business. Including other countries in Asia, Europe and the United States can understand financial statements, settlement, policy, to support the company's global policy. 4 luxury hotel management personnel to 2020, Chinese will become the world's largest tourist country, and matching with the Hotel Excellent management personnel are very rare. 5 financial talents with China entering WTO, financial gradually opening up, foreign banks in financial talent demand increases. 6 foreign manufacturing director from now to the future 20 years, Chinese will not change the manufacturing industry of the situation. Good science and engineering background, excellent foreign language level, the first line of work experience, is the foreign manufacturing manager selection of basic conditions.
    Editor: Yang Lin
