    Severe employment situation, a group of students from the lower social status to a monthly salary of one thousand yuan
    Went to college students' employment peak, from the Dalian city news professional Qi Xiuyu said, a number of university graduates will target salary requirements to 1000 yuan, 1000 yuan decline than in previous years.
    It is understood, Qi Xiuyu occupation introduction some time ago received nearly 200 job Dalian a university job registration form, to professional financial, accounting based.
    At first these students in the salary column generally fill in "a monthly salary of 2000 ~ 2500 yuan", after the staff on the current employment situation of Dalian is introduced, some people change one's mind about a month, will be reduced to 1000 ~ 1500 yuan. Students Gao said: "in fact, we have the very high request to the target, but the major is accounting, which belongs to the average quality, competitiveness is not strong, or understand the situation of exercise ability." According to the introduction, in previous years, university graduates a monthly salary of 2500 common goal is to 3000 yuan.
    Conventional wisdom has it that, students engaged in should be white-collar occupation, if the monthly salary of only 1000 yuan, not into the blue collar? Qi Xiuyu this occupation introduced by occupation refers to teacher Li Yixin said, Liaoning province last year the average wage is 1600 yuan, it truly reflects the province's salary condition, as a reference, a monthly salary of one thousand yuan is consistent with the laws of the market.
    Qi Xiuyu is a professional introduction currently has more than 1000 college students job registration form, management of professional slants much, personnel status of professional type asymmetry and the employer needs a large number of college students, which is caused by the deposition and even by the main reason of white blue collar. In addition, some college students born after 1980 the job itself in the eyes of employers virtually equal to the price drop, dyed yellow hair, keep the explosive "Mohican" hairstyle is difficult to let a person entrusted with the task with high salary. Even from a key university, outside the province more than 100 candidates cursive doing quality evaluation and paper all don't take, readily picked up a pen and paper to catch the staff. The employer angrily say: "so lax, how will the team spirit and professionalism?"
    Statistics from the national Ministry of Education said, this year the college enrollment reached 4750000, next year there is an increasing trend, which objectively increased the difficulty of employment of College students. At present, Beijing, Shanghai has been the emergence of college students the dishes washing dishes, this situation has not appeared in dalian.
    Editor: Yang Lin
