    > > > focus on university graduates who you are being abandoned? The question now out should be just in time, otherwise, will likely make the society, enterprises, schools, the students awareness of the problem, can not reach the height of attention......
    1 positions increase 36% students by 130%
    Graduates of prominent contradiction between supply and demand is a direct cause in recent years the society recognized the employment of College students. From 2001 to 2005, the national college graduates increased from 1140000 to 3380000, is 3 times before enrollment; Beijing area increased from 66000 to 154000, is 2.3 times before enrollment. But at the same time Beijing city place belongs to an unit to report demand number of graduates (not including state and central agency in Beijing) was increased from 42000 to 57000, only 1.36 times before enrollment. > > > graduate recruitment month will start
    2 material diao:
    Graduates employment is not popular
    In the university graduates "employment" at the same time, employers generally exist material difficult "". 1000 employees of a business Cci Capital Ltd each year to recruit, only 40 are university graduates; on behalf of a printing company limited said, "although our pillars and backbone is full of students, the development of the enterprise cannot do without students, however, every year we basically don't fresh college students". > > > over strategy: how to meet the employment war 3 graduates with professional:
    Popular professional talent excess
    In recent years, the pursuit of comprehensive development in some colleges of engineering and with professional characteristics of the school, have launched a popular profession, resulting in these professional graduates employment difficulty increase.
    Beijing college graduates employment guidance center director Ren Zhanzhong think, for professional blind mount a horse, the current employment more difficult in recent years, shall be determined according to the provisions of the Ministry of education, the difference between the specific circumstances to reduce or stop recruit students. > > > ten hot money news related to future occupation (Photos) four years later, this year just attended the college entrance examination students will enter the workplace, in the increasingly fierce competition for talent in the form, how to grasp the opportunity, grasp the direction of the future, become the focus of attention of many parents and students......
    4 of low pay:
    The market for only 1700 yuan / month
    The result of questionnaire investigation on College Students' salary expectations this display, 66.4% of the graduates want their monthly salary is in 2000 yuan of above, but according to the survey of Beijing and Shanghai authorities showed, students monthly market value on average for 1600~1700 yuan / month, expectations clearly higher than the level of social reality, but also led to some "there is no industry on College students". > > > related news will be fresh graduates will pay another jump off building price 400 yuan to recruit students, that should see that is what position, to recruit people do not, if a lot of people to grab this job, if no one candidate, it may be purely the company's self speculation...... 
    5 false recruitment:
    The decrease in the number of effective recruitment information
    Some companies make use of the current situation of college students pile up in excess of requirement, launch false recruitment, first give attractive treatment conditions, and then to the training for a nominal fee, and then to the probation unqualified reason to dismiss a student. College Students' employment recruitment information of surface look more channels, but effective, practical information is not much, for college students to acquire a real and effective information less, leading to difficult employment. > > > teach you a trick on how to identify the false recruitment information often encounter some job seekers to the enterprise after the interview dahushangdang, said the enterprise recruitment is false. So, how do we identify the true or false, of every hue, a see things in a blur of recruitment information...... 
    6 lack experience:
    "Coach" little professors
    Investigation shows, the greatest difficulty encountered in college students' employment is "lack of experience", accounting for 63%. Our education system over the years in a talent training model, specialty setting from social needs, do not pay attention to the cultivation of students practical ability. College students have professional knowledge, lack of the good psychological quality, etiquette and law concept, there are university professor, is the lack of "coach".
    7 afraid of hardship:
    Is unwilling to start at the bottom
    Many enterprises reflect, college students do have grandiose aims but puny abilities, knowledge is divorced from reality, to start from the grass-roots level, the lack of the spirit of hard work, interpersonal communication ability is poor, more selfish, therefore is not willing to receive fresh college students. > > > market development lack most graduate students refused to do 80% of sales of 8 frequency hopping:
    Businesses complained that "the tuition is too high"
    The employment of college students after the poor stability, is another important cause for the enterprise is not willing to receive college students.
    Rate of more than 30% in the total number of enterprises reached surveyed 50% enterprises received after two years of college students a loss. Even like the Lenovo Group of large enterprises, but also consider their high turnover rate of college students "tuition fees are too high". > > > new workplace on novice job hopping when Shenxing new entrants, full of heart qi is inevitable, but in the fledgling, unsophisticated circumstances, blind job hopping will only run counter to one's desire......
    Editor: Yang Lin
