    College students Xiao Yuan online resume job, a self proclaimed in Guangdong Multi-National Corporation branch soon called for "the interview". However, Xiao Yuan to query the company's headquarters in Shanghai that, they have set up a branch in Guangdong, no recruitment in guangdong. Police remind, this is likely to be a hoax.
    Xiao Yuan was issued electronic resume in a well-known talent on the website, make small yuan unexpectedly, resume didn't vote for a few days, there is a relatively well-known semiconductor Multi-National Corporation to own call. A man surnamed Cao lady told him, the company is now
    The introduction of a group of graduates, to the training years ago, ask Xiao Yuan has no intention to. Tread Xiaoyuan was immediately agree. In January 15th, the other party to make such a fuss about Xiao Yuan had a telephone interview. Three days later, Xiao Yuan notified by telephone interview passed, on January 22nd to the Guangdong Dongguan examination, reexamination.
    According to Xiao Yuan know, the semiconductor company seems to be in Shanghai, while the other let go to Dongguan interview, he was a bit puzzled. Ms. Cao explained, the company to branches in Dongguan, a group of related professional college students to join. Then, she put the lucrative salary, housing treatment provides an introduction to the small yuan.
    Xiaoyuan tempted, in January 17th he went to the train station, ready to book a ticket to Dongguan. Since there is no direct train, no tickets to Guangzhou, he had to return to the school. At this time, there is something wrong with little Yuan Cai felt things calm down. Subsequently, he search the Internet with information of the company's headquarters in Shanghai, found that only the release of recruitment, other places have no set up branch company. Dongguan 114 also did not check the company's telephone.
    Subsequently, Xiaoyuan dial Dongguan 110 alarm telephone, local police told this is likely to be a hoax. There are many eager to find the work of the college students, by lawbreakers deceived into MLM dens.
    (source: Beijing talent market newspaper)
