    Such a good job could easily reach
    "As long as have a college degree, you have the opportunity to be recruited into the multinational financial conglomerates, the talent pool, as a reserve director, base salary of at least 5000 yuan / month, and bonuses and generous welfare benefits......" And to the job during the peak period, each big recruitment website appeared similar recruitment notice.
    In the face of a Heartbeat recruitment notices, Shanghai Jiao Tong University College of business administration in adult professional 05 level students in reading Sun Zhengting, delivered the resume. Fear of "director" position is too fierce competition, she chose treatment slightly lower but still graduate trainee Gang rich "".
    On the day of the interview, she found that nearly 100 candidates, and she the job but only recruit 20 -- 1 to 5 acceptance rate really let her worry. The candidates are from Jiaotong University, Tongji University, financial professional graduates, more let her lack of confidence.
    First round interviews beyond all expectations to simple. Answer the interviewer's questions after conventional several, small sun being informed to attend the training and second rounds of interview, written examination. 3 days of training, claiming to be the company's top young, experience, detailed described the preferential treatment. The next written examination, interview is more simple, just some of the personality assessment questions. Through layers of "screening", sun was appointed director of the company -- this than she apply for "graduates probation Gang" advanced much.
    Happy almost beyond all expectations. Originally thought that almost inaccessible job road, was so flat.
    "The pie" original mystery
    Sun according to the requirements to report to the company, but was told to pay 250 yuan fee, and for the time being only temporary contracts of 3 months. The company explained: 250 yuan is the "insurance agent qualification exam" registration fees, temporary contracts of 3 months in order to give the "supervisor" who participated in the training and the "base" exercise time.
    Sun see light suddenly, the so-called "financial group", is actually an insurance company. Even more surprisingly, thought he is to win glory in battle, in 1 to 5 in the proportion of talent showing itself, did not expect, most people first see, are in the "Recruitment" column, far more than "10 director" at. Everyone in the question, the company finally admitted: no matter what position, after entering the company, are to be engaged in at least 3 months of insurance staff, only the completion of certain performance, can get promoted to the original commitment position.
    Then a more surprising: in fact, the insurance company basically every week in the same post, recruitment, recruitment of the same content, training content is the same, even the interview and written examination questions are the same. In Shanghai various universities such as university, University, China Normal University job forum, the company was high up in the "cheating the recruitment unit" of the black list......
    Someone just did a statistical result, just as amazing. At present, can be found in similar recruitment information the company's early release, in 2004 October, a recruiting 30 new employees, and at least a month for a 2 round of recruitment -- this projection, they have 240 person "supervisor". But if like Sun Zhengting experience, every new employee the first pay 250 yuan training fees, shall be for the company to complete a certain amount of insurance business, so, this company is really "people wealth two", "little costs". Especially in the 3 months after the trial period, the company can take "the examination unqualified" on the grounds, the elimination of most people, so that employees always in the "trial" state, thus saving the enterprise should undertake all kinds of social insurance fees considerable.
    Finally, Xiao Sun to give up the job.
    "Hire" not tube
    The types of job what is it right? "Trap"?
    The author specially to Shanghai occupation introduction center of Huangpu District staff consult. Their answer was: "this recruitment legal but unreasonable". According to the relevant provisions of the present, as long as the recruitment companies can provide the business license and the enterprise code, you can release recruitment information. But the same job long-term recruitment, is not illegal.
    The author in the survey found, because these a few years the employment situation is grim, showing the "buyer" of the potential market for people. In recent years, similar to the "lawful unreasonable" recruitment pretty much, some in the name of recruitment management personnel, allow job seekers to fall into the trap of drilling operations; some "Probation" loopholes, recruiting graduates as cheap labor; have repeatedly issued the same recruitment information, the use of "first training after the appointment" approach to defraud the training fee etc..
    The staff reminded all job seekers: the best occupation introduction organization through government run or well-known for profit intermediary agencies to apply for a job, to have a full understanding of the target unit. If strayed into the job trap, can resort to legal authority or the Department of labor and social security.
    Sun Zhengting encounter ends, and I noticed that, this company and a new round of recruitment activities began again......
    Editor: Yang Lin
