    British people do not see major newspapers reading tabloids
    Despite the reported a large amount of information, high credibility, but the British people generally think that published the newspaper recruitment success rate is not high, because the same job may have thousands, or even tens of thousands of people competition. They would rather choose the tabloids recruitment information, to improve the success rate of job seekers. > > > hot focus of all the countries in the world all sorts of strange things civil servants (Photos) now, the Thailand government also issued a command, request Thailand tens of thousands of men and women civil servants, there must be a day dressed in national costume to work a week......
    The French favored individual job
    In France, some university often publish group job ads through the media to introduce professional learning, graduates of a class, in order to attract employers attention; some small companies in bankruptcy or other company before merger, also issued a similar advertising through the media, to seek a way out for our employees.
    Individual job is very popular to the enterprises, as the team job can reduce their recruitment work, the employing units in the team randomly selected several applicants for the written test and interview, if satisfied, Jiben the last team can settle down. Relative stability and cohesion of the team also attract a large advantage of person's unit, it can reduce the staff re running in time, save the cost of management and communication.
    Australian lapin also write a letter of thanks
    In Australia, many job seekers received lapin notice, to write a letter of thanks, thank the company offered them a written examination, interview, so that they receive job experience. This reflects the job seekers manners, on the other hand, also create opportunities for their own future, show that he still has the company employment sincerity. Many companies also retained lapin resumes, when they need talent, there are those who write a letter of thanks people tend to be in the top of my list.
    First talk about severance pay Americans before seeking a job
    Most Americans when applying save, give yourself a posterior left, before did not sign the contract first fired charges on the table a clear. According to the "today" reported USA, candidates in the interview, severance pay the same salary, benefits and vacation, become the key content of the negotiations, a recent survey AOL recruitment Service Corporation also shows, 60% of job seekers think, interview about Qing severance pay is very important. > > > related news of a American female college students a long job search Eliza Kurt is 2000 level of graduate USA Grinnell college, she now has a job I love, but this job is be not easily won, she start from two embarked on a long job search...... The Canadians saw post first charging
    Canada employment rate is very high, but in order to get better jobs and salaries, local people like hopping. In order to get a right job, they are often the first to understand the requirements of the post occupation, and targeted charging, in order to obtain the corresponding occupation qualification certificate or certificate of training, and then, to apply for. A university graduate, good software design job with a computer company, he first participated in a period of three months professional training courses, to get the certificate to the company to see the personnel manager. The personnel manager invited two technical supervisor of the topics, out of a "real" problem, let the machine operation. The exam results were very good, a few days later, the students received the admission notice.
    The Germans by his alma mater, employment guidance center
    In Germany, every college graduates employment guidance center have a good cooperation relationship with many large employers to establish, they on the employment information, job vacancy acquire all-round. Graduates as long as the employment guidance center consulting or log on to the website, you can find useful information. As college graduates enter the job search intention, "center" will be happy to recommend, even if the failure, they will again and again, three to help the job. > > > job fun college students looking for work "A World Without Thieves" version (Photos)
    The Finn highly educated low candidates
    With the degree high personnel employing units do not want to Finland, think over educated people do the easy work, difficult to mobilize their work enthusiasm, and easy job hopping. Therefore, students can do the job, general need not master, which makes the high educated people looking for a job more difficult to. Some highly educated people in order to get an ideal job, often to the highest degree hidden, for example, master took the undergraduate course diploma to apply, but easier to success.
    Japanese believe that job centers.
    Although more and more channels for job seekers, but the Japanese are more trust agency, that is because the Japanese agency not only the employing units to provide information, at the same time, also provide occupation guidance for job seekers. Professional introduction to Japan's are equipped with professional instructors, can provide this service for job seekers. In addition, the Japanese agency also uses the means of the Internet, establish the employer vacancy information and job seekers information platform of large, for job seekers and employers two-way selection provides a great convenience, and also established the job location in the workplace status. > > > hot focus on enterprises encounter a network company Battle Royale Japan to apply for new employees, if you are interested, can not think that send resume, even if be accomplished, the company interview locations in the Fuji peak, so you must walk the top, to prove his perseverance and strength......
    Editor: Yang Lin
    