    "The employer requires the certificate, four levels of English I did not, but in the end I was accepted. The reason is that I am more persistent than other job seekers, overcome the fear of difficulty when applying for a job." Xu Zhiyang of Grade 2006 of Chongqing Jiaotong College civil engineering has been signed and Guangdong a large highway engineering company, is being done in many students' job ready, he had found himself satisfied with the unit.
    Xu Zhiyang and most undergraduates than up, there is no advantage, but there are many disadvantages. For example, although professional grades in class among the top three, but he has not got the English level Four certificate; moreover, he read the application of technical undergraduate course, because many employers of undergraduate application technology does not understand, so the employment situation is not ideal. But it is because they know their own shortcomings, Xu Zhiyang start from three for employment in the travel, and take the initiative to contact with the Chengdu Municipal Management Bureau, Chengdu University of Information Technology and other units.
    Last week, Guangdong a large Highway Engineering Co., Ltd. to Chongqing Jiaotong College recruitment, 11 jobs attracted nearly 400 job seekers. The basic requirements of the company in the recruitment of one of the English level Four certificate is required. No Grade Four certificate Xu Zhiyang hesitated a long time still crustily skin of head.
    "Where do you think your chances?" The interviewer asked.
    "I have the sense of innovation, passion, work very hard, very hard-working."
    "We have special requirements, to the English four levels you have, how to do?" Recruitment into the.
    "No English level Four certificate is not my weakness. On the contrary, and work together to the certificate of four people, I will be more careful, to give them the pressure, let them like me earnestly."
    The employer of Xu Zhiyang's answer is obviously very satisfied, but Xu Zhiyang did not give up. The second day, he went to find the employer Hotel, find the recruitment, a conversation with him. The employer to leave, Xu Zhiyang take the initiative to go off, again with the recruitment of responsible for the exchange of. So, Xu Zhiyang became the 11 person to recruit the unit in Chongqing in the only one not the English level Four certificate students.
    "My success. The reason is very simple, because I am dedicated, overcome the fear of job." Xu Zhiyang thinks, although many employers have requirements for English level Four, but now the employer is very pragmatic, they pay more attention to students' professional skills, and the basic attitude of doing things. Some students in the job search process often seemed put on the employer's conditions, as long as there is a little does not conform to the unwilling to try, the results missed many chances.
    Editor: Yang Lin
