    "They didn't even look at my resume, how do you know I can't?" Three Gorges College Chinese Department of secretarial professional class of 2006 Liao Xuejing spoke about her this one months of job experience, very grievance.
    In school, Liao Xuejing was a very good student, stylistic class members, school FM anchorwoman, participated in the two CCTV Cup National English speech contest, and won the three prize of Chongqing city. Liao Xuejing likes English especially, as the non English Majors in school of foreign language department, she attended a year class, self-study courses such as linguistics. So the great Liao Xuejing, in the job search process but often fail.
    "The most impressive one, and a female Southwest University of Political Science and Law student to apply for a foreign trade position." Liao Xuejing told reporters, when recruiters only looked at them to fill in the application form, he gave himself away, didn't even leave her resume. Back at school, Liao Xuejing cried, she did not understand, even to their employers know nothing at all, how do you know she is not suitable for this position?
    Liao Xuejing carry a small notebook, above remember full information of invite applications for a job: October 14th: Mercedes Benz, 15: Gome, 16 days: Huawei, 18 days: excellence, 19 days: WAL-MART...... She tells a reporter, this one month, she has participated in small recruitment of nearly ten units will resume, are left has been passively waiting for the employer's final message, have gained nothing.
    "Maybe I should be more active." Liao Xuejing had been thinking about a sell yourself, let the employer know more about their own way. She told reporters, should not be like the past blindly to the job, and should seriously consider, compared with what position, what units suitable for yourself, you want to do, also can be competent. Then, have a definite object in view to resume, the relevant responsible person and person to contact with the employer, strive to let each other know more about yourself.
    "So, maybe more opportunities." Liao Xuejing tells a reporter, this one month of job experience let oneself mature many, in the past the kind of good wine is not afraid of deep alley is wrong, everyone has to sell themselves to learn. Especially when job seekers, everyone at the same starting line, and be good at selling their students will grasp the initiative in their own hands.
    Editor: Yang Lin
