    Since November, Shanghai each big foreign, state-owned commercial banks into the climax of the annual recruitment. On the one hand, the state-owned banks to recruit graduates started, on the other hand, each big bank for community recruitment in full swing, the banking industry has become the focus of attention of the recent workplace. In this regard, this reporter conducted a multi data collection and interview, the characteristics of bank recruiting and employing demand made a "inventory".
    Graduate recruitment: a state-owned bank reserve
    State owned banks have a "hidden rules": the general annual only recruit graduates to internal training. Now the graduates recruitment season, November 20th university recruitment below day arrived, has long been ready in the state-owned banks, opened a prelude to the campus recruitment. Reporter visited the major colleges and universities after the discovery, the bank will preach trailer and advertised everywhere. The Bank of Shanghai, industrial and Commercial Bank of China took the lead in hosting the campus talk, FengFengGuangGuang to become the focus of attention of the students; the Bank of communications, the people's Bank of Chinese although there is no official appearance in the campus, in fact already well prepared, the bank website detailed published job Title, number of recruitment information, recruitment requirements, application mode; a handful of foreign the bank also has the recruitment needs, such as HSBC, Standard Chartered Bank, America bank are given a graduate recruitment plan, although in the regions of Shanghai and the recruitment of the number can be counted on one's fingers, but also quite catches the eye ball.
    1, recruitment requirements: state-owned, foreign big different
    Compared with previous years, this year, state-owned banks are relatively stable, recruitment, job requirements are not too big change, but the number of recruitment than last year rose slightly, such as industrial and Commercial Bank of Chinese Shanghai City Branch recruit graduates 400, the Bank of Shanghai to recruit 200, Bank of communications to recruit 141 people, the people's Bank of Chinese recruitment 52. The state-owned enterprise recruitment requirements are basically the same: financial, monetary and banking, securities, insurance, marketing, legal, accounting, international trade, real estate, investment audit, economic, financial management, statistics, computer, the world economy and other professional graduate doctor, master and undergraduate students; student Party member, outstanding student leaders, outstanding graduates, "three good" student is preferred; Bachelor degree limit Shanghai students, graduate students enrollment is not limited, and in order to recruit undergraduate students.
    Compared to the state-owned bank "exaggeration" recruitment style, foreign banks are much more "free". Standard Chartered Bank in the global recruitment 250-300 people, now accept is the Shanghai area registration. Standard chartered to candidates, not limited to professional, limited regions of household registration, but their individual character interest and development potential, in favor of those willing to change yourself, love the financial industry, familiar with the financial industry related knowledge and understanding of the duties and responsibilities of every major department of the bank and clear will be the field of development of students. Secondly, to see whether the candidates have a rich life experience, research topic or social activities experience. Finally, demands to have the consciousness of team, does not lose the enterprising spirit and the courage to take responsibility.
    2, recruitment: unified application
    This unified all the big banks using the "net Shen", namely, the applicant should fill out the online application form, answer some conventional and open problems, even if the job seekers to make HR department by mail, courier or invalid. Net application address for each big bank home page recruitment channel. 18:0024:00 point is the network application peak, this time to network congestion, speed slow, recommend candidates for application in 6:0017:00 point. In addition to the attention of the cut-off period net Shen, do not rush to submit at the last moment.
    3, recruitment: focus on five categories of jobs
    The state-owned bank position demand similar, generally can be divided into the following categories:
    1, network business management and development of computer system, the management of their graduation requirements: general computer related professional, responsible for computer system branch or sub branch of the management and maintenance work, network business and management work, or engaged in software development, application system management.
    2, individual / company financial account manager: requirements for financial, marketing professional, communication and marketing ability, familiar with the personal financial products, grasp the financial business skills, have the qualification, can provide financial planning, expert consulting services and develop talents for the customer.
    3, International Finance: require financial and monetary banking, international trade, audit professional, responsible for auditing the import trade documents of settlement and trade finance business, handle the import trade documents of settlement and trade finance business etc..
    4, accounting: accounting, finance or related major, mainly engaged in accounting and fund remittance and transfer business and clearing work, such as basic business problems and accounting bank counter client in the proposed business problems. To be able to find business processing and accounting problems and risks, timely grasp of new business accounting practices.
    5, the legal review: requirement law graduate, is mainly responsible for the banking legal affairs job. Such as handle the case review of management and the court work, legal text review, to ensure that all work of the legal.
    4, training methods: directional oriented culture
The cultivation mode of state-owned banks is not the same, the recruitment of industrial and Commercial Bank of China this year to "directional cultivation mainly post". The recruitment of responsible person said, the employee will go to each sector rotation year evaluation, decided to which post development, the direction of training is to become the backbone of the main sectors, such as responsible for the network, the company / Personal Finance Customer manager. A training mode rotation, Bank of the applicants professional limited, mainly to individual comprehensive quality, the non financial professionals to want to enter the banking development of the graduates is a good.
    The social recruitment: state-owned, foreign banks incur two hot
    Bank recruitment not only targeted at colleges and universities, according to the different business sector demand, according to social recruitment action never stop, with the recent campus recruitment momentum, social recruitment is the emergence of "blowout". A Standard Chartered Bank Shanghai branch, Bank of Holland, foreign banks USA JP Morgan Chase Bank Shanghai branch, Shanghai branch of Citibank bank, Hang Seng Bank, Mitsui Sumitomo bank; state-owned bank Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Credit Card Center, Bank of Communications Pacific Credit Card Center, the Construction Bank of Chinese Credit Card Center, China Merchants bank credit card center. According to each big newspaper advertisements and web advertising to incomplete statistics, from mid November, Shanghai is the recruitment of the bank has nearly 20, job number from a few to hundreds of different.
    Foreign banks: financial management, risk management recruitment climax
    Foreign banks have been is the major social recruitment. The personage inside course of study already pointed out, in 2006 December before the comprehensive opening, the foreign banks to compete for the Shanghai, must be large-scale recruitment. In fact, foreign banks coveted the loan market, personal financial service market has been a long time, from the acceleration shares of Chinese banks to additional branches action need a lot of manpower, therefore recruitment is spare no effort.
    The foreign bank recruitment almost covers all business sectors, including customer service, credit card department, financial department, credit department, risk management department, one of the biggest demand position is "financing" and "risk management".
    1, commercial finance: in recent years, the personal financial demands present diversification, personalized trend, the professional personal financial services to become a bank after the credit card business and a focus on the development of business. Foreign banks more as a March China financial industry entrance speed business expansion, financial multiplication, such as Bank of Holland plans to add 20 VIP banking center within two years. Under this background, the Bank of Holland Co., Ltd. Van Gogh VIP service center, Shanghai branch of Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited Shanghai branch, Citibank Shanghai branch, annual recruitment personal financial consultant, manager.
    With respect to personal finance, the foreign banks "corporate finance" gradually expand the scale, "commercial finance manager" demand increasingly obvious. Take Holland "commercial bank financial manager" a job, they are responsible for cash management, trade finance, provide financial service and commercial loans for small and medium-sized enterprise customers, the need to take the initiative to contact, small business customers, to expand the Holland commercial banking financial services to establish foreign relationship. Requirements Bachelor degree or above, MBA at home and abroad is preferred, 2-3 years relevant working experience, solid financial, trade, banking expertise (customer financial working experience of small and medium sized enterprises), good sales, customer service skills and English listening and speaking ability.
    2, risk management: with the in-depth development of banking business, risk gradually increased, the risk management personnel also hot, especially credit, business credit card risk management talent.
    Policy, system and management methods generally require applicants to modify various types of credit varieties, develop all kinds of credit products risk investigation, coordination and handling of personal credit business of major risk case, to carry out the investigation of sudden case; the organization of thematic research on credit risk information, such as writing "credit risk of industry analysis report", "macroeconomic regulation and control credit risk analysis report" etc.. Tracking research in some areas (such as industry) development operation status and credit risk, writing monthly data industry analysis reports and industry research reports quarterly tracking. Risk management position entry threshold higher, generally require a master's degree, have the ability of financial analysis, with strong project design and organization ability, good at modeling and data analysis.
The state-owned bank: Credit Card Center turns recruitment
    Major state-owned banks are optimistic about the profit trend of credit card business, so have to open up the market of credit card. Because the business started relatively late in China, the credit personnel, the loan officer, authorized personnel, pseudo risk management personnel, collection personnel, sales and distribution, large machine software development, familiar with the credit card operation rules of professional personnel generally lack. So, credit card sales personnel, channel promotion, the telephone marketing sales positions in greatest demand, almost year-round recruitment. In addition, the basic operating positions such as input, credit, credit, market survey and analysis, sales copy, customer service positions from time to time to fill a vacancy.
    As the demand for larger, many banks in addition to their own recruitment, also with the talent agency recruitment way. Representative has:
    Marketing personnel: through various types of advertising means, bank credit card customer awareness, promote the development of the market. General requirements Bachelor degree or above, marketing, marketing and business management major, 2 years experience in public relations, marketing, a brand promotion, activity planning experience. Experience in 4A advertising industry is preferred.
    Sales personnel: promoting the development of sales channel, achieve monthly sales target. Requirements: above college degree, sales work experience, personal experience with financial product marketing or customer marketing experience is preferred.
    Customer service: engage in credit card business telephone customer service work. Requirements: above college degree, English listening and speaking ability, strong affinity, work patience.
    Editor: Yang Lin
