    Recently, the major colleges and universities have opened the prelude of the campus recruitment. In November 28th, the Provincial Department of education college graduates employment office special tips: "emphasis on rewards", "be opinionated", "lack of credibility" of these three kinds of people are the least attractive to employers welcome.
    "Emphasis on rewards" be invidious
    The Provincial Department of education and employment office responsible to remind people are looking for a job for graduates, in general, the employing units in the probation period, available to undergraduate salary in 1000 yuan. If the job is motionless to thousands of yuan, is too utilitarian, but not the reality. Reporter in the interview to understand, care about the treatment of college students looking for work the employer can understand the feelings, but an opening to the high price, very easy to cause everybody disgusted.
    "Be opinionated" never won favor
    The provincial education department reminds say, many college students be opinionated, have grandiose aims but puny abilities, but also the employer reflected relatively centralized problem. Modern enterprise advocating the spirit of team cooperation, if a person is proud of his group, always want to highlight their old, certainly not be able to get the employer's appreciation. According to the recruitment of students this year, the biggest shortcoming is not good at learning, have grandiose aims but puny abilities, be opinionated.
    "Water injection The loss outweighs the gain. resume"
    The Provincial Department of education and employment office summary of job seekers in the third is the most taboo "lack of credibility", in fact, it has become a common problem of college students in job hunting. College graduates in the spread of a "joke": "your resume is not false, a typical big and silly", now resume affusion is not what rare matter son. A direct consequence of the resume, assessee faking is employers of graduates credibility greatly reduced, this is for all the students self. Even the use of false resume into the enterprise, its capacity is not fraud, finally only The loss outweighs the gain.
    Editor: Yang Lin
