    Bureaucrats in most places in the world to be laughed at, but as servants of the people is a good thing in China. Many university graduates aspired to become a civil servant in the future.
    The national civil servant exam about 500000 people to participate in the November 26th, hoping to share in the 10282 position of the central government in a cup of a thick soup. Compared to the civil service exam last year, 310000 people attended this year, much more.
    According to the official Xinhua News Agency reported, through the civil service examination is more difficult than the college entrance examination. An average of 48 people after a post.
    Reason young people keen on these works is very complicated, they want to find a safe haven in Chinese economic and social change in the tide.
    Only 10 years ago, university graduates still dream to work in foreign invested enterprises, regard it as the entrance to a highly and world-class technology training. Now many people unbearable torture work time and uncertainty, rather find safe and wages are not high government posts.
    "Government job less stressful. You have more time to plan things for themselves. You can do what you really want to do. " The 24 year old Zhang Hua (transliteration) said. She graduated this year master financial professional, ready to pass the civil service examination to become a nation of statisticians unit.
    She also applied for an international accounting firm Beijing branch, but she heard that to work 13 hours a day, feel with one's hair standing on end. "Spending too much time at work."
    Today, Multi-National Corporation has been all over the Chinese everywhere, there are few Chinese also imagine they can climb to the high position in such companies. "China students obviously very difficult to get a promotion in foreign companies. It is difficult for them to become a director or shareholder. They can only be retired as an employee at the age of 45." Qi Guanghua professor of Public Management School of Renmin University of China said.
    "In Chinese, the interpersonal relationship is very important," the 25 year old Cheng Tingting (transliteration) said. This year she graduated from a university in the northeast, the dream into the work of the government. Her dormitory students, also preparing for the civil service exam Lu Xiaozhen (transliteration) added, "life will always encounter problems. You can't always rely on their own, the money is not omnipotent. You need to social relationships. "
    Along with the university graduates to find a job more difficult, the civil service posts has become increasingly popular. Last year, 2800000 graduates, only 73% got a job.
    Some female candidates said the government less sexist. Some private companies will be forced to pregnant women turnover, women experience discrimination at ascension, but the upper figure China government but many women.
    When once offered from the cradle to the social security system "a secure job" grave disintegrated into Chinese, civil service benefits but remain unchanged. Some of the government jobs and provide free or low-cost housing, Zhang Hua said, "basically no what the company will give you this".
    Editor: Yang Lin
