    Recently, a university in Chongqing City, 50 yuan per person charge guidance "graduation fee" to the graduates, but no receipt, caused a lot of graduates of discontent.
    A university teacher explained to the reporters, graduate this 50 yuan "guide fee" contains the school kept for two years for graduates file charges, some copying and printing fee and 3 agreement paper and printing costs. But some students are considered, "graduation fee" is significantly higher, especially puzzling is the school not to issue any form of receipt, it is obvious to the students as the shaking Qian Shu.
    According to press the investigation, in order to charge for this 50 yuan "graduation fee," the provisions of the university graduates, each except the recommended exemption graduate outside must pay, tickets do not pay will not get a 2006 graduate recruitment. A student worker said, must pay money to get the ticket (ticket), not money, is not the agreement, not agreement also find what work?
   A result, many do not want to pay for graduates to get fair tickets, had to take out 50 yuan of money, but they feel unfair. A graduate student said, a look at the ticket is to copy, and then cover a chapter, the quality is poor, it is convenient to "speculative reselling of tickets", now the campus network, a ticket to sell 50 yuan to 100 yuan.
    Many students think, at present the country for college construction investing a lot of money, obviously improve the hardware and software of University, university administrators and teachers' income is not low. Many graduates of poverty, facing graduation comes as consumption peak, let alone let them come up with 50 yuan of money, is to come up with 10 yuan of money, very distressed. Therefore, the school should try to understand the difficulties of graduates, if really need to charge, should also be a good accounting standard fees, listen to the graduates views, rather than make Naomen set a high standard. Cannot open a receipt, which is contrary to the financial regulations.
    Editor: Yang Lin
