    Venture two or three years after cash flow "how to do the chain falling"? What reason will affect the further development of enterprises? How to make personal charm and enterprise culture better fusion?...... Yesterday, the first Shanghai University Technology Business Forum and the young entrepreneurs and Entrepreneurship of college students in Fudan University Students held a dialogue, more focus on the details and operational business after the.
    In yesterday's dialogue, the author noticed, college students are no longer simply pay attention to how the accumulation of capital, which can enjoy preferential startup problems, but on the construction of enterprise culture, how to attract excellent employees in enterprise management "business after" the problem seems to be more interested in. Senior Xiaozhou Electronic Engineering Department of traffic university just apply to the college students in Shanghai city science and technology venture fund. "Although the company is still in preparation, but I have a very long-term planning, also expect that some specific problems encountered when starting a business." Xiao Zhou told the author, this is to "come" to advance "from", he carefully wrote down a few entrepreneurs EMAIL after ready to ask them to "separate grant machine".
    For college students pay more attention to "business after" the phenomenon of problem, the scene of many experts said, this is the entrepreneurship of college students more rational performance, in the initial consideration, natural can stand firmly and fight steadily. However, Shanghai minimally invasive medical devices company vice president Zhang Jie also encouraged the students, once you have a good plan, must be implemented, "don't spin in the mind, missed a good opportunity".
    It is reported that, since Shanghai first in the country to support students start technology venture fund special plan for a year and a half, 96 undergraduate poineering project has successfully established enterprises and good operation, nearly 100 projects are being planned in the two period.
    Editor: Yang Lin
