    Last week, the Ministry of personnel in the national talent market of third college graduates employment service week during the recruitment established hotlines, appearance, age discrimination behavior usually found candidates or hold false recruitment will be severely punished. After a week, according to the Ministry of personnel of the national talent flow center of College Students' employment department related person in charge said: "if a graduate reflected by appearance discrimination, we will give the employer exposure in the relevant web site. But as of yesterday, not to any complaints related to telephone."
    Appearance, height discrimination does exist
    No complaints, because of the appearance Is it right? Discrimination does not exist in recruitment? The lawyer thinks, the relevant recruitment work appearance discrimination case, general victims litigation on file difficult, high cost, coupled with the victim by time, energy, resources, and other occasions restricted, generally the default self luck, which lead to these provisions in the objective.
    In fact, because of the appearance, height, age and other rejected recruitment example of a few. A recent foreign famous university English professional female graduates to Beijing to find a job, because of its short (I call and tell us its height is only about 145 cm), find a lot of jobs are being shut sb., though she believes their foreign language foundation is very good, no problem to do advanced translation, but some people clear tell her, because she can only be engaged in translation work behind the scenes height......
    In the previous recruitment, we have heard some similar examples, such as a boy Zengyin tall enough to be eliminated when the local Zhaolu civil servants; a fresh graduates because there is a block of obvious cyan birthmark face, ultimately no employment; and a foreign company in Shanghai city unexpectedly with incompatible good grounds, some conforms to the conditions of the applicants to push the door.
    Job seekers to avoid deliberately pursue appearance
    An employment office of teachers in a university in Beijing said that the employer to recruitment resume, often look at the photos, look at the learning achievement, the reason is that employees represent the company image, it seems that only beautiful people can make the company revitalized, forcing some near graduation students rarely put all energy on the thesis, it is keen to do various kinds of cosmetic surgery. Some people want to cure acne, someone to cushion the high bridge of the nose, people want to remove freckles, others assault lose weight.
    Before the interview, male college students do not spend money to buy brand-name clothing, mobile phone and other valuables, ready to debut; female college students often carry a "personal portrait" appeared in front of the traditional recruiters, personal resume cover into the beautiful beautiful a close-up, there is less then ten picture eight picture, while more than 100 picture color "portrait", what the miniskirt, swimsuit, evening gown, the bold brought, expose one's chest and back, giggle and flirt, let a person dare not imagine how will go further.
    Discrimination hinder talent appearance selection
    ABB China is responsible for the national recruitment of senior human resources manager Zheng Xu told the reporters, they have stressed equality, fair employment environment, not in the recruitment process for discrimination in any aspect of the applicant. "Because we felt that if the proposed company in the recruitment process such as looks, age requirements to restrict applicants, this is undoubtedly set up obstacles to the company's own talent, but also a kind of superficial performance." Her introduction, "including many large companies such as ABB, are very pay attention to establish a good corporate citizen image, if the company to talent selection of the target population is set in a relatively narrow range, may give the public to leave a very bad impression."
    Therefore, the personnel selected the first value is the overall quality of the individual business and personal ability, rather than the appearance of some external factors. "Our receptionist also has more than 40 year old aunt, she can rely on their own ability and serious attitude for this position. We believe that no matter how much the age, appearance, as long as know how to respect the customer, do a good job we need is talent."
    Different positions are different on appearance requirements
    The development of human resources network Chinese human resources manager Li Xuan said, some jobs is really clear requirements for the individual image, because it requires workers as an image to contact the customer, is sure to take into account the appearance, such as reception, public relations, sales and other jobs. While some research jobs, work at ordinary times not to directly contact the customer, is more important to consider the potential for development of his personal ability and future, so relatively speaking, you do not need to consider the appearance problem.
    She thinks, if the individual image is not only limited to appearance, also includes personal speech and deportment, etiquette, dress, the overall image and etc, so it must be a personal image and the cultural image of the whole enterprise is directly associated with the. Li Xuan said, in fact, for a fresh graduates, the students into a career person, many companies will think highly of his learning ability and adaptability, and his execution. These students when applying, to present a professional image, not too much gas.
    The lawyer voice
    The subject of discrimination on the lack of legal protection
    Research on the "labor law" the lawyer said Yang Zhigang, to solve the employment discrimination as soon as possible, to the relevant laws and regulations to improve as soon as possible. At present the law weapon most basic right to protect jobs only "labor law", to suffer discrimination people according to "labor law" to protect their own legitimate rights and interests of. Reportedly, China's "labor law" Twelfth stipulation: "employment, shall not be discriminated against because of ethnic, racial, gender, religious belief is different." But the current job market has appeared on various forms of employment discrimination, and some have been beyond the scope of "labor law" protection. For job seekers to encounter discrimination in employment, legal provisions currently can refer to very little.
    In addition to job seekers encounter recruitment discrimination, mostly before the two sides haven't formed a contractual relationship, if the applicant is the recruiter in search of jobs lookism, is a violation of the "labor law" provisions of the workers should enjoy equal employment rights and the job right, may require the labor supervision department of their punishment. But the law of appearance because of some other reason such as being discriminated against unequal treatment and not clearly defined. Discrimination of the job seekers are often difficult to find suitable legal weapons to protect their own interests.
    - related links
    Self confidence, take the initiative to target position impact
    If you fancy yourself a suitable position, whether it should be active, bold attack? How can you effectively get the job? We interviewed several experts in human resources.
    The employing party hard conditions of fear
    Shanghai Bell Al Carter Limited by Share Ltd resource management director of fan Xing said, in an interview with reporters, in fact, looking for jobs, college students should have the courage to unit of choose and employ persons contact, rigid conditions do not be issued by the employer to repel. Of course, do require the applicant to have the toughness and courage. To know that although enterprises in the recruitment of identified this or that kind of condition, but in the face of truly useful to people, they will adjust their employment standards, will be a useful talent recruitment to the.
    With the advantages of daring to participate in the competition
    Lenovo Group Human Resources Department campus recruitment director Wu Qi said, everyone has their own advantages and disadvantages, everyone in their own competition advantage, put their focus on the disadvantage if must be very painful, but also bring trouble on oneself. To see more of their own advantages, objective understanding of their own, must have the heart of tolerance, not their own shortcomings, shortcomings will not be recognized. To the most to be able to play their own value place to serve the society. Think think more toward optimism.
    Tolerance of ground of discrimination
    Dr. Ceng Xiuqin of the Beijing Normal University psychology main selection of occupation career counseling and personnel expresses when accepting a reporter to interview, college students face the employment pressure should show more peace of mind. If an enterprise in the selection of personnel to look too heavy, they measure the value standard of talent and performance standards and not by individual business ability as the standard, but in a relationship or outstanding appearance to measure, then the enterprise culture is also not perfect, not tolerant, so students encounter this kind of enterprises simply there is no lingering necessary. "College students to start looking for a job should not be too impatient, the most important thing is to show self-confidence. Let the other person know, you have the advantage of the comprehensive quality of your. Because of the strong strong personality, appearance is more important than." Dr Tsang said.
    In addition, students treat people with sincerity, tolerance. Myself have lookism, to understand each other, psychology must be prepared. Now in the society of the "beauty economy" is a characteristic of the times, but these things are will decline, and the occupation road students have to go farther and farther. Help to improve the competitiveness of their own personal inner occupation accomplishment training and business to improve the ability of. Dr Tsang said: "the establishment of confidence a wider base, should more consciously adjust oneself, no matter in which job, as long as the play to their talent and ability, can do wonderful."
    Editor: Yang Lin
