    Enterprises to retain the male talent specially invite women without history of love. Yesterday, Chongqing Jiaotong College for the school to approximately 4000 students held Shuangxuan hui. Interestingly, the employing units in the selection of personnel at the same time, but also a way for unit personnel pick daughter-in-law.
    Told reporters an employer recruitment site personnel, which is the leading have confessed, "but also to the existing talent retaining unit".
    More than 10 enterprises choose daughter-in-law
    These years, China Railway five Bureau Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the China Railway five Bureau) to recruit graduates of Chongqing Jiaotong College. Yesterday, the Deputy Human Resources Minister Peng Xiaoping appeared in doubly meeting. > > > focus on Graduate Employment fall in love love has become a life-saving straw appeared some very offbeat job advertisements in the Lanzhou University of Technology and other colleges and universities, some popular professional female university students to seek for an ideal job, and some easy to find work of male university students assault talked about love, looking for work to "borrow a boat to go to sea" methods...... University four years working for the end of love comfortable life is always so fleeting, replace sb. is unpleasant and difficult finding a job after graduation. The strength of the school placed there, every resume time, I always have some lack of confidence...... Peng Xiaoping is to recruit graduates, but he is not too attractive to employers welcome girls, went to "can also be considered" policy.
    Reportedly, China Railway five bureau recruit every year nearly 400 graduates, female control in less than 10. "This year has been a breakthrough, but as long as people good, still can consider." Peng said, is "exceed the standard" recruit female graduates, related to the nature and policy employer: because it is the construction unit, the serious imbalance of male and female graduates, "married" is a big problem. The development of this problem, it may be the loss of talent.
    In yesterday's Shuangxuan Hui, more than 10 engaged in the construction work of the employing units, basically have "extra task to choose daughter-in-law".
    Action schoolgirl ask love history.
    "I have a boyfriend?" In a Shanghai household unit recruitment desk, the examiner the dished out the sensitive topic of.
    The girl is red face hold for a few seconds, said: "is there, also can say no." > > > related links graduated four years Reunion: the character is destiny graduated in 2001, more than 4 years, can together have a time, time space dislocation feeling, all 25, 6 years of age, the girls in our class accounted for the majority, 1/3 is married......
    In fact, she did not know, the employer mention this problem in the end is what intention. In the aisle and several similar experiences of girls are talking about. "We have to explain to students, the conditions are right and don't have a boyfriend, can consider to receive. If you have a boyfriend, the choice of units or choose a boyfriend, it was decided by students themselves." Fujian household units responsible person said, before met a boyfriend, she said, "go back and think about".
    Unit of choose and employ persons it is quite upset. "We put the person back, can only say some more women. Young people can walk to arrive together, still unknown." Site Yunnan a household units responsible person said.
    This week three field Shuangxuan Hui
    This week there will be three Shuangxuan hui. It is understood, at present, the Southwest University of Political Science and Law and Sichuan International Studies University respectively have been attracted more than 100 home units in Shuangxuan hui.
    In November 29th the Southwest University of Political Science and Law graduates "double" activities (address: Yubei campus of Southwest University of Political Science and Law); November 30th Sichuan International Studies University graduates "doubly" activities (address: Sichuan International Studies University; Chongqing Radio&TV University) in December 1st graduates "doubly" activities (address: Chongqing Radio&TV University)
    The on-site fax
    The graduates' employment to keep an eye on the house yesterday, held at Chongqing Jiaotong College graduate Shuangxuan Hui, graduates without taboo to talk about "house" and "tickets". One unit of choose and employ persons responsible person said, some students made it very detailed: salary, bonus, even including the housing policy, subsidies, insurance field. > > > related news graduate recruitment month will start 2006 graduates employment gradually entering blissful circumstances, special recruitment organized the Personnel Bureau of Beijing City, the graduate recruitment month 18 districts will have scheduled:
    The December 2nd Haidian concert
    Agricultural exhibition hall "in December 3rd 2006 graduation graduate supply and demand to meet, the two-way selection will"......
    Graduates 70% of a pressure at 26 held at the Chongqing University Shuangxuan Hui, major Tonghao statistical information consulting company field survey was conducted on 300 students. 19%% graduates expressed great pressure to find a job, 51%% graduates said that there is a certain pressure, only 2%% said no pressure.
    Specialty college by welcome yesterday, Chongqing Jiaotong College Shuangxuan Hui, civil engineering, architecture, water conservancy and hydropower engineering major is very attractive to employers welcome, ship and ocean engineering has become a new hot point of college graduates employment, even is not anxious to find a job.
    Show works won yesterday Chongqing Institute of Technology Shuangxuan Hui crafts design field, the graduates Xiao Zhao with motorcycle design their own design renderings touched the examiner. On the same day, have the good work, dare to show the work of graduates of enterprises favored, there are over a hundred students signed up on the spot. Talk about the recruitment forum that part of you.
    Editor: Yang Lin
