    Salary and welfare office market position
    The reporter understands, South Korean enterprises in order to attract more talents, in the salary is very generous. Undergraduate annual income of not less than 40000 yuan, the college students of not less than 35000 yuan, secondary school students of not less than 30000 yuan, in addition to providing "5 risk 1 gold".
    From the market generally market, Korean enterprise salary at the bit level in the market: managerial staff 40008000 yuan / month, the general staff 2000-4000 yuan / month. As a precision machinery company senior technician, engineer, the monthly salary is in 5000 yuan of above; mechanical, technical staff a monthly salary of 3000 yuan of above; senior fitter, translation and secretarial a monthly salary of 3000 yuan or more. But different enterprises, salary will also have certain difference, sometimes even vary greatly.
    The Korea trade investment promotion agency, said Pu Zhongshao, Korean enterprises is very valued employees working ability, as long as you conspicuous achievements in the work, salary will be greatly improved. It is worth mentioning that, in the factory the technical work will more easily than the administrative work of promotion and salary raise. All of China's labor laws and regulations and local policies are expressly, Korean companies are generally implemented not mistaken, workers' salaries and social insurance, welfare is higher, and there are few default employee wages phenomenon.
    Korean well can raise
    In Shanghai, Korean and Japanese talents as belonging to the shortage of talent. Although the enterprise has no strict requirement on the language, but in salary, understand Korean people really are more valuable, with Korean ability, in the same position, salary can generally be floating around 500 yuan.
    It is understood, at present Korean personnel wage was significantly higher than that of English talents. Such as enterprise executive secretary, Korean enterprises offer for 4000 yuan, while the English talent is only 3000 yuan, a difference of 1000 yuan two.
    The revitalization of the commune in the Korea trade investment, graduates salary of about 3000 yuan, if the Korean, a monthly salary of up to 5000 yuan; and understand Korean MBA, monthly salary is more than 7000 yuan; even the general office clerk, monthly salary can reach more than 4000 yuan.
    The rules of survival story
    1, pay attention to your behavior, respect for superiors. Korean companies will not because you are a minute late but will you shut sb., but may be because you are a tactless words and good impression of the candidate I. So, we should pay attention to maintaining the image of refined and courteous, appropriate choice of clothing. In addition, the Korean enterprises is a "hierarchy", rarely see the supervisor and employee laughing scenes in Korean enterprises. Subordinates must respect the supervisor in charge of any offensive, inappropriate words and deeds are likely to have adverse consequences.
    2, not in formal occasions to the superiors or colleagues plan put forward different views. This is a Korean company specific office code. In a meeting or discussion group, basically no one direct criticism or comment on other people's ideas and draft, otherwise it will be regarded as violation of moral or leapfrog, causing dissatisfaction. Even if there are different opinions, but also the best in private very tactfully informs, it is wise to.
    More than 3 work with colleagues, communication. Another feature of Korean enterprises is a work colleague very frequent exchanges. Want to enter into the atmosphere, we must first cultivate your own "gregarious" personality, to be able to develop friendship and colleagues in the work, various meetings and events. According to the South Korean habit, staff parties must drink, they think that drinking can best contact feelings, easy communication.
    4, obey the leadership. Korean companies want employees to active thinking, there are a lot of fresh ideas, enterprises welcome and allow employees to feel free to make comments and put it into practice. However, the more senior managers to require employees to obey the leadership, do a good job of "their" work. Usually, those who absolutely obedient to the superior competent, do a good job of "their" work staff is favored by the.
    5, learn a little Korean. In the South Korean enterprises, between the middle and senior managers are mostly communicate in Korean, even in the staff meeting, Korean is the most important communication language. If you intend to promotion success, breaking the language barrier is the best shortcut.
    Editor: Yang Lin
