    Women in a job interview, often encounter some sensitive issues, always think how to answer is wrong, it is difficult to make themselves and others are satisfied. So, how to deal with these embarrassing questions?
   One problem, do you think there are difficult to reconcile the contradictions between family and career?
    This is an old issue, also be difficult. The recruitment unit nature very much hope that you cause for the heavy, but also hope you have a happy family. "The backyard does not fire", make a person worry free, concentrate on work, in order to play your wits. Obviously, a direct answer to the existence of contradictions or simply difficult to mediate between career and family contradictions do not exist, are not appropriate. Suggest you replied: "I think whether at work or in the family, the biggest target women are to make his life worth living. Although I am a very want to work through to prove his ability, embody the meaning of living people, but who can say that women farmers who cultivate students Aio Noriko, doctoral students will live no value?" This answer, can be just perfect to reflect the characteristics of the female specific Cliffide Flower.
    Question two, how you look at marriage, childbearing
   Don't think of this problem and work little correlation. You answer whether appropriate, may be directly related to the job you can pass. Employers put forward this problem, want to know your relationship problems at work and family to what kind of attitude. Why do women cover generally more difficult? This is one of the key. In order to work late marriage, late childbirth, of course, is the hope that employers, but if you do, I'm afraid can also cause confusion: even a child can not people, if there are other benefits driven, will not abandon everything, including her once to pride in work?
    "Everyone wants to have both fish and bear's paw, when the two can not get the time, over a period of time I would choose to work, because of having a good job, cultivating children in the future there will be more solid economic foundation. I think there is always the right time for me to kill two birds with one stone". This answer, may really be able to remind the boss give birth to a child for the rest of your still the original position to leave you, and don't let others to replace sb.
    Question three, face the boss inordinate ambitions, how would you do?
    Recruitment of female secretary, often asked about this all the time. To answer such questions, the best tactful: "you ask this question, I am very grateful, this shows that the expensive unit leaders are open and aboveboard person. Don't deceive you to say, I have worked for a time in a company, because the boss had inordinate ambitions, I resigned, and they recruited when exactly did not ask this question. Compared the two, if I can apply for into the expensive unit, there is no reason for the cause of rack one's brains don't go." The lady's response will be clever, clever in did not directly answer the question "what to do", because it is built on the boss "is based on" inordinate ambitions. But through a case to show his attitude firmly, and did not let the person embarrassed. Even if the new boss really throw a stone to clear the road of Italy, later will not act rashly and blindly.
    Question four, do you like travelling?
    The examiner ask this question, not really want to know what you like or not like to travel, work, you don't like travel is also derived, the examiner's purpose is to through this ask about your family or your lover on your work attitude. Many young women just work in the face of this problem may be immediately replied: "I now young, sit in the home, like to travel, on the one hand, working for the company, on the other hand also can enjoy the beautiful natural scenery." And a lady answered: "as long as the company needs to travel, I will proceed without hesitation. This two years due to busy school and job, almost never travelled, although the family do not oppose, boyfriend wants to accompany me to go around, but did not make the trip. Travel is likely to become a part of my future work, this is the point where I come to apply for the former, the family would have told me." The two answer reflects good eloquence, but the first answer to some difference in the expression of effect, the way a business trip to visit scenic spots in this sense, can be such a confession, will let people will travel and sightseeing secondary feeling to you; second answer is wonderful in the woman knows the examiner questions objective, to answer the point.
    Editor: Yang Lin
