    In the company of some employees often late, criticize the boss, colleagues remind, doesn't work very well, but also always make excuses, such as traffic jam, the watch is slow, or the alarm clock didn't go off overslept, often called "rational".
    Late for work is common phenomenon in life. Psychologists study found that, the reason for being late, but some people do have practical difficulties, often have more deep psychological reason. For example, in the love of young men Dating often arrives very early, but after marriage if the feelings of husband and wife is not good, the class is always looking for an excuse to go home late. The workplace, the truth is the same, if the staff of interest, enthusiasm high, even if the work to the distance, will overcome the difficulty getting to work on time to guarantee, if lack of enthusiasm for work, lack of interest, or with the boss, colleagues disagreements, but are not good or no force directly use language to express dissatisfaction, it is easy to appear inexplicably late or go-slow without consciousness, this kind of psychological mechanism in psychoanalysis is called "passive aggressive", to the symbolic expression of some resentment is to use passive mode.
    As for the excuse of psychology, some people just want to find an excuse to avoid the embarrassment and punishment, or the heart to understand the real reason for my lateness. And some people, that late just those objective reasons result, unaware of the reasons behind the real late and psychological conflict, this in psychology called "rationalization".
    If the employee is often late to work, do not attach importance to the development of the cause of the very bad. If you are always making excuses for being late, similar to the "self deception", but is a kind of psychological symptoms (late) to the symbolic expression and conceal his negative attitude to work and leadership, but was late and cannot solve the contradiction between lead and, even it will make the interpersonal relationship has not good one disaster after another.
    A responsible person of their own, if you often find yourself late and often find excuses for yourself, need to seriously reflect on their own. Faced with work and interpersonal difficulties and conflicts occur, taking vigorous action to change the reality, such as the thought of non professional counterparts, can try to find the opportunity to transfer the work, if there are difficulties in interpersonal relationships, will adjust their own ways, increase communication, to eliminate misunderstanding, to resolve interpersonal conflicts. Even though some contradictions to resolve, expression than the "late" expression is to use language.
    The excessive use of "passive aggressive" and "rationalization" psychological mechanism part of the people, if there are conditions, have a look for psychological doctor, in order to better adjust their own state of mind. Psychological doctor will help you to truly become the masters of their own, instead of doing the subconscious of the slave. Often late, don't make excuses, may wish to reflect on their own, do a respect work respect yourself.
    Editor: Yang Lin
