    The words now annual civil registration examination are concerned, whether servants of the state or local civil servants, the number of candidates is the trend in the year. This year the Shanghai civil service recruitment program number is 2300, and the enrollment of more than 40000 people, the admission ratio of 15:1. Even now the civil servant "jobs is", but only tasted the civil service sour, sweet, bitter, hot people, truly know one taste, exactly have like people say so good. Why do you favor civil service position? Being a public servant taste how?
    For the dull life
    A 25 year old unemployed - clear
    The design after I graduated from University, came to an advertising company, and then with the leisurely, relaxed university life say goodbye. Two years I feel like a high speed rotating gyro without pause a moment, a project to project and endless inspiration and creativity, and not always patronize, sometimes in order to hold out for a new project, I could not sleep at night to see the film, one or two, read a book for feeling. The work so far, have time to fall in love.
    I was breathless fast-paced work force. Once a year at the civil service exam will start again, and this year to recruit personnel tend to have two years of work experience at the grass-roots level of social workers, which gave me a lot of hope. At present I have made to the company to resign, on the one hand, want to let myself calm down and rest a, on the other hand, have a good time to revise for tests. I think there is a stable job, fixed income, have a stable warm family is my biggest wish in the future, and now the work is in any case can not give me this. Do an ordinary small civil servants, to enjoy life in the light, perhaps this is also a lot of urban white-collar hope.
    Business more freedom
    - 36 year old private owner Mr. Yang
    When I enter the unit to do civil servants, with lofty ideals and high aspirations. I read in the university is the accounting, can have the opportunity to do work in government agencies and financial related, both their own good and stable investment, I am very satisfied. The most important in the work, I can come into contact with a number of senior government officials, business leaders, the earliest available government documents, understand industry trends, these in general enterprises rarely have the opportunity to come into contact with. However, although I work hard for nearly ten years, has completed in a section of seats. The disastrous leadership, every time that I have the chance for promotion, there is always the way out of the airborne troops.
    The year before last, wife advised me to jump out from the civil servant's seat, encourage myself dry. I am very contradictory, in the face of such a dry for nearly ten years of work, there are feelings also had an inert, suddenly asked me to give up all the present, start again, quite reluctant. But when I see in this seat stay longer if more free time in the hope of promotion, my wife's support resolutely the resignation of the sea. Jump out of the circle of civil servants after, I found that the outside world is also very. Play over the years accumulated contacts advantage, I and several friends operating company development smoothly. Do it yourself, there is no tree depend on, all of a sudden a lot of hard work, but the degree of freedom a lot, I can go in accordance with their own ideas to work.
    Anyway, I still want to thank once there was a civil servant for life experience, gave me a high-end vision and a lot of experience, it is these as the basis of my career, I can have a more broad development world today.
    Test is not easy, do not easily
    A 28 year old civil servant - Miss Huang
    Affected by the civil servant father, near graduation I was trying to take an examination of civil servants. I learn is the legal profession, review is targeted, others are several hand ready for review, I feel at ease at home, almost closed a month. Many students enter oneself for an examination, some as much as I wanted to be a civil servant, but some have a try in the psychological, test a choice. After a round of elimination, I finally realized, when we in a class of more than 50 people almost all candidates, but finally admitted to only three people.
    When more than two years of civil servant, I can only say, this is not a "free" job. I am one appointment to the grassroots exercise for half a year, can not back to the original gang was still unknown. With the past three graduates were trembling with fear, fear of a bottom out. Fortunately went back together.
    The work was started, received notification of new comrades to participate in business training, next to the qualification examination. Leave school we thought we could never say goodbye and examination, had not thought that picked up the textbook. Elder tells us, and then there is the variety of names of appraisal, civil servants almost and students alike, are long "test" inspection. Predecessors still want to test, we these new employees not to mention. So, work review two not mistake, hard, than the civil service exam was low. Nine to five is theoretical, write a summary writing the report deal with the reception tasks, comes home one day and don't watch?
    The job, great pressure, the development of space is not small, still advance wave upon wave of the candidates must be psychologically prepared to do a good job.
    White collar is transitional
    Sun24 years old returnees
    Last year I read back from the UK, found in Shanghai to find a job is not as good as I imagined so optimistic, and the civil service examination to wait until the end of the year, and the enrollment ratio is very low.
    In July I got a good offer, hurried to the company signed down to go to work. I'm going running, first employment and career. Although I am longing for the civil service in this position, but the competition is too fierce, put all its energies in the civil service exam, I am afraid of their own can not afford to lose. So to do a small white-collar workers in the company. And now the civil service requirements more and more have two years of work experience.
    Last year I took part in the civil service examination, written examination will be eliminated, I'm still going to try this, I can not give up this once a year opportunity.
    Editor: Yang Lin
