    People in the workplace, the most proud thing is promoted; but after promotion, the most worrying is the new interpersonal relationship. Former colleagues became subordinate relationship, how do? Or listen to HR experts to give the new executives advice.
    Hard work, why is facing an embarrassing situation?
    Lu Yan was a few months ago has just been promoted to the design department supervisor. But in the last couple of months, more than before the hard Lu Yan more busy, one day down often Yaosuanbeiteng, every day to work overtime not to mention. Other colleagues in the design department not only do not appreciate, still behind make carping comments on: "have skill ah, put the Department of design tasks are to do ah?" "Since it is people promoted well, naturally can not our ability to work!" Knowing all this Lu Yan, say what all think impassability, their hard work, how will face such an embarrassing situation?
    Remember: your promotion! You are competent! You want in the shortest time completely withdraw from the original post, know your new position work requirements! If it is a newly established department, your responsibility is bigger. The establishment of new rules and regulations, do a good job of connecting communication task, develop new working target...... You should seriously consider. Only understand the problem, you can say to enter the manager role. Stand in the position of director, the relationship between you and your colleagues is very clear.
    HR experts: as a supervisor is not the most desirable is to "take care of every single thing personally".
    According to statistics, a manager must spend 80% of your time doing communication work, including with subordinates, clients and other departments of communication. The supervisor still has a quite large mission and responsibility, that he must clearly understand the intention of executives, and assist employees together under this task to reach. On the general staff, the professional skills is his most attention, but for the leader, to lead and to assist in the past colleagues at work on an equal footing, and indeed the upper target after properly to subordinate the distribution of work, and finally ensure all responsibility department work. As a supervisor, should make oneself an example to work before, but the most desirable is to "take care of every single thing personally". If things go on like this, "subordinate can never grow up, you will never can not adapt to the role of".
    Promotion, there is no friendship between colleagues?
    Qin, PR Manager of a company. Become integrated with colleagues in the past, praises the Qin good temper, and have the ability to work, privately agree press Qin do their leader. But wait until the previous boss, transferred to the headquarters, later Qin really do public relations manager, the situation has changed, and his colleagues were every day except in the regular course of official duties greeting to him at a distance. Originally very good work atmosphere, also seems to be because the Qin promotion tensions heavy. When Qin want to approach a co-worker, but they deliberately keep distance from him. Sometimes he wants to enliven the atmosphere, a joke, no one showed up, one one-way very boring. Qin Junzhen don't understand, why is this so? Promotion, there is no friendship between colleagues?
    Between colleagues what can I say no? Human effort is the decisive factor. The ability of team building is considered the most important elements of the competent ability, this point of the new director is even more so. From the ordinary members of the team promoted to team leader, you on to the new work, may wish to look for an opportunity, respectively, and former colleagues that now all the work of subordinates actively talk to determine their departments, the responsibility of every, ideas, as much as possible to collect your new work field and team member information, do know the score. Remember, "know yourself as well as the enemy, you can." You on the team member attitudes related to their attitude toward you, and on their attitude toward you is directly related to how to start your work.
    Expert: HR's new head of most avoid undue prominence to himself in the team
    Since his colleagues think Qin good temper, that he has the affinity of innate. Qin in with team members to discuss the work to determine the working target, may wish to use their affinity to turn this tension and dull working atmosphere. In team management, learn some skills will let you avoid detours. For example, in a department meeting, can be used to "we" the beginning of the sentence was replaced with "I" at the beginning of the sentence, after all, too much to highlight their will let the team members are very uncomfortable, but also not conducive to the cultivation of solidarity and cooperation atmosphere, also reflects a competent own cooperative spirit. Before making a decision at the department work, to listen to the views of staff, to stimulate their enthusiasm for participation in the work; layout, confessed task not exhaustive, give employee innovation space, let them play to their potential in deep trust, this team will be energetic team, and won't be competent a monodrama team.
    The promotion that she has lost "alone" relaxed
    Zhu Jia before the promotion is the education channel of a website editor, is now the channel editor in chief. The first Saturday night, she is at home to modify a colleague revision scheme until late at night. Monday morning to see the colleague, Zhu Jia told her how her plan to work overtime, but did not expect her sullen. Later, the company deputy general to find her, Zhu Jia said that colleagues think of her revision scheme of improper handling, complete denial of her editorial ideas, or even violate the basic law of editorial work, is to her work is not fair evaluation. Then Zhu Jiacai realized, and her colleagues together into the unit, now your promotion, the colleague's job performance has "wield absolute power" power, and his colleagues stayed the same, what does she have no idea? The name Zhu Jia is a headache for she doesn't know how to communicate with colleagues, doesn't know how to mobilize the enthusiasm and her don't hurt her feelings. Will Zhu Jia lose the past "alone" relaxed......
    In the team, there is always someone admission more suitable for your position than you, even if they don't see any victory, at least there will be some people that you don't necessarily equal to, or even someone staring at you, waiting to see you incapable of action when the predicament. This requires a new director itself should have good management style, and to establish a fair and equitable team management environment in the enterprise culture environment.
    HR expert: supervisor the most intolerable is the only let subordinates respect yourself
    Zhu Jia as the new director, watching colleagues project, add their own comments will naturally reflect as the competent authority. But in the communication with colleagues, Zhu Jiaruo first affirmed the other thoughts, and then tell the other her revision principles and basis for the scheme, may be more easy to let the other side convinced. Sit on the administrative seat, want to display as the competent authority, get people respect is very natural, but also you can successfully carry out the work of a key. However, respect is mutual. You want to win the respect of subordinates from the heart, must first respect each subordinate, have to make out with your real achievement let subordinates convince. "Love, Lee." You have to respect with subordinates, subordinates must respect the love for you.
    There is no such thing as a manager. To successfully from an ordinary employee turned for the management personnel, it is necessary to use your confidence, your attitude, knowledge and skills with their team, let oneself become a qualified supervisor in the shortest possible time. Editor: Yang Lin
