    Page first: the highest income "part-time" daily income of four thousand or five thousand page second: want to be "Si", a word "difficult" simultaneous interpretation refers to the interpreter with special facilities for simultaneous interpretation, sitting in a soundproof room commonly known as Si "box", side by Headset listening to the source language speaker continuous speak into the microphone, a nearly simultaneously all the information content that the speaker expression is accurate, complete the translation into the target language, the target language output through a microphone conveyor. Need translation service participants, can through the receiving device, transferred to your desired language channel, listening to the corresponding target language output from the Headset in.
    After the Second World War, the establishment in Nuremberg of Germany, the international court trying the fascist war criminals, for the first time with simultaneous translation, which is also the world's first in the large-scale international activities with simultaneous translation.
    Simultaneous interpretation is difficult in all kinds of translation activities in a translation of the highest, often referred to as the highest level of foreign language majors.
    The highest income "part-time" daily income four thousand or five thousand
    The 54 industries listed in the recent Shanghai City Labor and social security bureau "non full time employment personnel wage price guide" in the table, simultaneous interpretation by each hour 2000 yuan highest prices topped.
    "Beijing Morning Post" reporter found a Beijing translation company, to the simultaneous interpretation price list: English classes for 1 days from 12000 to 21000 yuan, non English class is 18000 yuan. The general needs 2 ~ 3 interpreter consists of a simultaneous translation group work alternately, the price for a group of day price accordingly, translation, simultaneous interpretation of minimum income of 4000 yuan a day.
    "An interpreter of a day's wage is equivalent to a white-collar income of a month, they can earn five thousand or six thousand a day." New Oriental teachers say.
    Chinese Translation Publishing Company simultaneous interpreter Yu Yang told the reporters, they attend a one-day meeting salary is 5000 yuan, and some conference salary will be higher. When the meeting is busy, for example, 3 ~ July and 9 ~ December often schedule will have a very full, some meeting requires more than a month in advance booking. "A good translator when meeting the peak month income can reach 40000 yuan or more, so for the interpreters annual income of 500000 or more to also be not at all surprising." Yu Yang said.
    As for the rumors simultaneous translation reward of up to $three thousand or four thousand per hour, has many years of simultaneous interpretation experience, also once for the UN secretary general, Longanan worked as a translator for Lu in Jiaxiang to accept the "Beijing Youth Daily" reporter the interview said with a smile not so much, but he said this is a high-income occupation.
    "Take Beijing as an example, the current pay simultaneous translation are often paid every 4000 yuan, which is the average income of each group of three people, if you don't need the assistant finish the translation task, the highest can reach more than ten thousand yuan a day. Time calculation work in accordance with the 8 hour day, since the meeting began four hours count half a day, more than four hours to eight hours a day. In addition, the customer will pay the cost of room and board, simultaneous translation airfare, ground transportation expenses and other related expenses, in general, income is very considerable."
    People do not lack of money, is
    Simultaneous interpretation personnel belonging to the global scarcity of talent, talent is one of the most difficult to cultivate. The global professional interpreters will total more than 2000 people, China simultaneous interpretation talent is even more scarce, according to incomplete statistics, China professional simultaneous interpretation personnel 30 people, as for the professional international popular director in all areas of economic and trade, science and technology, politics and law and so on simultaneous interpretation talent is still a blank.
    With the development of communication China and the world have become increasingly frequent, with the international status of Chinese, now regardless of where the international conference, all cannot do without Chinese, little not from Chinese simultaneous translation. Global almost every day international conference, international conference held in China is also more and more, it can be said that the simultaneous translation in the domestic and international market are enormous. It is said that, the European Union and Australia and even asked their teacher training China simultaneous translation, simultaneous interpretation market prospect is more and more promising.
    Simultaneous interpretation demand exponentially increased, but the number of simultaneous interpreting qualified grew very slowly. According to introduction, the current professional simultaneous interpretation talent mainly concentrated in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou are not many, to hold international meetings of other city is the lack of simultaneous interpreters, need to hire from Beijing and Shanghai. 
