    A recent graduate recruitment session, began in the country "spread".
    I seldom go to graduate special recruitment directly. Guangdong today a comprehensive field, is the first time I participated in the graduate recruitment fair.
    Today I am with multiple identities, participate in the recruitment: as director of human resources of the company, I wish to recruit a group of appropriate reserve talents for the company; as a research occupation planning, I will deeply the characteristic of line of contact with ready to join the social employment army -- graduates; Guangdong Province Labor society, human being Resource Management Association member, I want to understand the graduate's employment status, and their thoughts and ideas.
    In the recruitment, I feel is not a kind of excitement, but a kind of depression. This is since I worked as director of human resources for fifth years, and 5 years, Chinese graduates for over 5 times, 06 years will exceed 3600000. The approach of the time has not arrived yet, ticket has lined up outside a plurality of 100 meters "people with". At this time, my heart can not help over the slightest hint of sadness. Many years ago, I've been in the vast long, with the expectation to queue up, every day can only ranked 3, 5 in the team, to cast 3, 5 copies of your resume, then began a more lengthy heart waiting...... And now, long scale far beyond me as the time of graduates. It is now more and more people could read the University, but I could not distinguish, this scene, it is spectacular, or with a solemn and stirring to describe, cannot say, whether it is good or bad.
    I did some statistics, also think about some details.
    The salary level from the mention of college students is as follows:
    Graduate student: all say "over $4000".
    Undergraduate: 20003500 yuan.
    College Students: basic is below 2000.
    Among them, technology class (such as WEB Development), relatively high, in 3000-3500 between.
    These data, in addition to graduate decreased slightly, the other higher than last year (last year I was after May, one after another to notice some people to interview the company). On the one hand may now be just the beginning, everyone not to grasp the competitive line principle, on the other hand, I hope that is because the job market in the warmer (but not see this sign).
    And among them, there are many details worth mentioning.
    Under normal circumstances, when I took the resume, don't ask don't see the candidate from the school (I never to school on students'). But when they answered the salary requirements, but it does reflect a difference. Today is mainly from Guangdong school students, undergraduate line, Jinan University, East China Normal University, Chinese laborers, Huanong request is higher, the requirement is in 2500 yuan of above; while the ordinary point school, about 2500 yuan of the following; specialist online, there is a special group, is the so-called "non formal colleges and universities, such as" what technical school, private school. They were asking, after all is in 1200 yuan of the following -- ask a round, I began to pigeon holing guess they are from the school, then control the resume, I found almost "ask prices know school" point. What is the school gave them a "macro guidance"? There are several mechanic class college students, are said to 800 yuan, I asked them Is it right? Are classmates, they say "". "Why do you ask this number?" , they said: "because our teacher said, now our competitiveness is probably 800 yuan". This kind of students "mass production, guidelines for uniform price", makes me feel sad for them. The sentence "guidance" teacher, enough to destroy their comprehensive education system and confidence in 3 years, is enough to destroy the school -- admittedly, many of them, indeed the market is in accordance with the price to the recruitment (especially sales). However, students are not pure products, everyone is the one and only, how can you make the uniform guidance? Why not have a people more confident and puts forward 1000, 1500? The difference today I feel "good school" and "poor school", the largest and the most fundamental difference lies in the difference of students' self-confidence. When I occasionally been invited to lecture in the school, I often say a word: "you good for students, because you think you are." The students' self intention, self psychological positioning, will affect his life. If I were the president, I will send this think that their students $800 teacher 400 of wages, but I didn't give him a 4 note, I will change it into 400 1 cent coins, and then one by one to hit his head, until he sobers up, or coins buried. Because he destroyed a group of students.
    Today's interview, I give everyone's time, no more than 5 minutes.
    There is only one I talked to him for 3 minutes, leaving his resume, behind his classmates looked with a no hope in the eyes of him, said: "so fast?"
    I said: "you're going faster. If you use two words to describe you without thinking of the advantages, I will hire you, 1 minutes". But he intermittently, said a lot of -- he obviously psychological "spectrum", he is rehearsing for a self introduction, I upset his deployment.
    A student, I think it's good, she's one page only, expressed her advantages and characteristics, when I decided to move her, used to ask next semester there are no classes and read your resume, but couldn't see her school name, "why didn't write the name of the school?" , "because... My school is not up to much... ". I asked her to school, then picked up a pen, to help her write down her alma mater in her resume, and then put your resume before her eyes: "there is no wrong?"
    No.
    Today I to leave all resume, just do an action (in that tick particularly suitable,). This is the only resume my writing, I don't know if she understood, I was telling her what. What she did made me greatly reduced.
    If I were in charge of education, I have a big enough hammer, I would whirl up all Chinese schools have screwed up, because now do not have a school dared to say: "our school is taught" - all "teaching".
    Of course, some students are very good at selling self, for example, a candidate web design student, because he has done everything in the school intranet, couldn't get the works show him to me, and he said to me: "I work in a call Messko (www.jobui.com), you you can see." There is also a candidate project assistant, also will be her article to my BLOG. At night I go back to open their home, feel that they are on the web content is very substantial, such as applying for project assistant students, there are a lot of her writings, I saw her good writing ideas and the level of thinking, I decided to inform the two people to go to work tomorrow. They are from those who are seen as "poor school" students, but they are good at using a variety of ways to express their advantage. For example, the ability to use "BJ", the new BLOG free tool, is to become the key to win the trust of their me.
    Two feelings, I think:
    Before graduation, employment first, not because there is no work opportunities offered, but the balance ability of employment structure; key employment difficult, too many graduates, education level decreased, but the fuzzy self cognitive ability, decrease in Employment Confidence and self value expectations. God's favored one arrogant attitude disappeared, is a good thing, but not replace sb. balance and normal heart, but a kind of inferiority, impetuous and loss.
    You can think I keep up appearances, pendulum qualification, but, as graduates, I believe you are willing to listen to a 5 years human resources director, had 10000 people interview experience of human resources workers, the following "of your dissatisfaction":
    Don't pass me fancy resume, give me a little simple (not easy) and to highlight the expression of your own -- in the face of tens of thousands of job seekers, do you really think HR will go to see you that letter, 100 people have 99 almost cover letter, and the binding was like a Book to resume template content?
    Don't say too much about my self introduction, I dare not say 3, 5 minutes I'll accurately judge you, but 30 seconds I will freeze your first impression; I have to finish your interview quickly, because it is too many people queuing behind you, I had graduated as so hard to wait, I just to give more people a like you equal chance, then I will choose to invite you to my office reexamination; you think I give you too little, and the disappointment (his Is it right? Is not fancy?) The eyes of the moment, you lost again to get the opportunity to re examination. I always insist on: your faith is our hope. Your job opportunity is not for me to give you, but you strive for.
    Don't be a "recruit me as long as you are willing to do what I am" gesture, so give me a "prostitute" feeling, I ask you because you will create value for the company, so you are not "demand" level, but you I "please". This is not called you up to the attitude, but I hope you lift chest.
    Don't I refuse to accept your resume, with bad luck or face disappointment. I didn't receive your resume, it is you, but not suitable for the My Company; I do not receive your resume, do not give you the opportunity; but don't want to give you a nonexistent expect (you will wait for me to inform you if I received,); it's not that I don't give you face, but I don't want to waste you and your parents hard-earned money -- although each resume is only 1, 2 yuan, but I have no reason to waste you belong to, 1. 1 cents, and you're still a pure consumer; I'm only trying to help you save, let you it will be able to vote for the chance belongs to you. I never think when I get so many resume back to the company, put your hope alone in the recruitment site; I do not want to, when recruitment will be after the end, your resume will be in deserted field, like the other is left of your resume, snowflakes dancing all over the sky, trampled upon -- I will never join the ranks, but rather can refuse to you blow (you must also began to know how to face such a blow), because you boil the resume many a night to do it, is the representative of you, writing above your values, and your dignity. I always think, anyone can severely criticized the education system, but you definitely can not deny the value, but can not take your dignity!
    Don't be afraid to say and write your graduate school, no matter how she is poor, you go out from there, because I never have such a person: he saw his parents, because of their background is not good and not recognize them; or one day leave My Company, when they go to a the larger company interview, feel shy to say I am not a 500 from a company. For the company, your values and values, is everything. Heroes mowen source, if you are a bear, even if you come out from heaven, but also still bear.
    Don't give me the so-called practice out a lot of your grades and in (because many graduates have come to me for a spin, visit, to build a chapter called "practice"), you only need to select a particular thing, points to explain the process and results, let me know you are how to do things.
    Do not dare to look at me with your eyes, you can not see me when I look down upon you.
    Not in the answer "when your salary requirements", so much more nonsense. I don't want to hear everyone repeats "because I am a graduate, no social experience, so if the company feels that too...... I can... " Perhaps, my money is just from the people's Bank of the printed, but they don't because have not been in circulation changed hands, and detract from its value. In fact, I don't care what you say is 5000, or 1500, I care about is you say a number that tone of voice, eye. I respect everyone has the right to self assess the value of labor (but it's own salary system, not the special treat you), but I love the crisp colleagues, crisp is a kind of self-confidence, is a style of doing things, is also a kind of attitude. I will be stubborn think: you say this figure with before and after the many characters, said how much you do things sloppily work; or your self-awareness and self-confidence is how the swing.
    Life is short, the value of all, tell them that you are the one and only, you are you, you success in your.
