    When I wrote this topic, feel very surprised! But the question now out should be just in time, otherwise, will likely make the society, enterprises, schools, the students awareness of the problem, can not reach the height of attention! But the real casualty began when writing this article, I just want to contemporary "the pride of the times" say 1 -- you really let us do the HR manager disappointed.
    Example a: Nanjing some university centennial celebration, I went to visit the school student dormitory, mess aside from several primary school, my brother is in the network game in the thick of the fight, asked after the occupation choice, answer let you couldn't believe it was "proud era". Example two: be careful of my company car drivers do not hit a violation for four students across the road this year, my assistant in assisting the transportation department to deal with the problems, the "pride of the times" incredibly and she talked a lot about human rights are infringed, and finally to write a thing, the results of this lovely "proud era" said it did not know how to write.
    Alas alas Zai, not I HR to abandon "the pride of the times", is now "the pride of the times", also do not cherish myself as a "proud era" reputation!
    It is because of these looks ordinary, but actually not ordinary things, so I write this article to the idea of initiation. And with the passage of time, the hearts of the more eagerly, heart is really too much, want to now college students say, also hope to be able to improve their personal quality and employment problems to improve and help.
    I think the main cause of students' employment mentality and enterprise or: Students' perceptions of the students' employment situation, the form is very unoptimistic reality.
    In general, students with an official state of mind, through the campus of the university education, the time to make life choices in suddenly to face the society, most of the students will produce contrast the mentality of a very bad, cause trouble in the student employment and employment issues: choose to work with low degree compared to people -- won't condescend to; work environment and salary and his fellow students compared -- demand equality; horizontal comparison with other companies and departments in the work units and departments (the meal always others home fragrance) -- mentality unbalance. It is the universal existence in the vast majority of college students in mind, resulting in the current many college students underachievement, aim high, frequent job hopping phenomenon; and the enterprise as a profit is the primary goal of social organization, need is the actual ability and work steady talent. Both claims of different, forming a huge difference between the two.
    I'm in the actual recruitment are often encountered in the fresh graduates to senior positions of the phenomenon, I also with some of the students communication, found them for business operation and organization management is very strange, they simply give them a job or position, through their own efforts, and then after a period of exercise certainly, can be competent and able to make very good performance. But they did not know the enterprise is not a welfare agency and training institutions, he could not use an inexperienced person (even if it is a routine work, the most simple enterprise also hope to use a certain experience of personnel), and also for its time and training cost, but face to develop the talent he would great risk will not quit.
    Once employ over graduates, this is as a back-up personnel training, but their self regulating and binding, really let the enterprise disappointed. They entered the hostel, you don't know is a garbage dump into the street stalls or in the suburbs. Give them the occupation with the coach, less than a month, all shouting: stand. The reason is the occupation was asked to learn and do not do a good job, don't let them learn and do, but a lot of things. Several occupation coach itself has its own work, and responsible for the work and the study of their work, the burden is already very high, but also for their treatment of some dispute ah, ah like complaints complaints. Results all enterprises less than six months to let them leave.
    In summary, the cultivation of College Students' employment and vocational education before now is particularly important! I asked a few wanted to develop this market, but rather to give up because of various reasons, which is the main reason for the students' indifferent, now I don't know how the students, on what are very indifferent, but only for some with their own occupation career to get something very of interest, the sad thing is, now the students basically are infatuated with the network, the network this one is very good, can improve their own tools, but became their SAP one's spirit by seeking pleasures tool! You and he talk about network technology, software programming, hardware principle he is a contemptuous disregard, but you have to talk to them. Network play "empire", play the latest version of the "FIFA" game, you may be struck dumb their professional!
    There are other test some certificate or participate in various and workplace not related activities etc.. The enterprise needs professional personnel, as the name suggests is the characteristics and specialty talents in one hand, instead of requiring a beautiful, vase like decoration, because the more you learn, the recruitment of competent in the eyes of the enterprise, the more you can do some kind of special and fine, at best, you can be a dabble in general talent only, may your score is no more than a technical school students (if consistent, certificate you learn and made it should be another matter).
    So I think to give up the pioneering employment education graduates or market decision, choose this market continue to work or school, special open up students' employment psychological counseling or, to save for college students the best a ready-made panacea -- college students is a good attitude and good quality! Psychological education should be all the necessary education, pre employment must condition, develop good quality for the future occupation go on reason, and lay a solid foundation. Otherwise, the graduates of these once let people admire "proud era", will continue to be most enterprises mercilessly shut in the recruitment outside the door.
    Editor: Yang Lin
