    Recently, went to the peak employment each big university graduates in the Lanzhou University of Technology and other colleges and universities, there was very offbeat job ads, some popular professional female university students to seek for an ideal job, love and be easy to find a job in male college students of assault talked about, looking for work to "borrow a boat to go to sea" methods. This offbeat job mode caused controversy in the campus.
    The job performed offbeat major colleges and Universities
    Graduating guys attention:
    Hello!
    We are XX university big four excellent girl, the existing meaning and you do the complementary advantages of resources, so as to achieve win-win objective. If can help us solve problems on the job and you, please send E-MAIL, have intention to a may telephone contact and interview, (the fee negotiable). Volunteering: marketing advertising, public relations, management, we believe that the talent depends on your strength, can be mutual shine.
    This is a don't have the "creative" advertisement, at present, in each big university dormitory downstairs, bulletin boards posted so many ads, attracted many college master higher in men's universal attention. The reporter then learned that in some colleges and universities in Lanzhou interview, such as the one above "advertising" in the campus is not the first time to see, some students told reporters, "this is not what happens". Subsequently, the reporter to the identity of the graduates with Kobayashi (a pseudonym) made contact, she said, money is not a problem, as long as they can to help her find a satisfactory job, even considering the possibility of relationship. When a reporter asked why, she e-mailed to tell reporters, forced by the situation, girls employment difficult ah! But to do so. Kobayashi said not without reason, and now many units have special talents in engineering recruitment will have said: single girls job will not be considered. Only in the boys signing employment agreement conditions, can consider to accept a girl the boys "recommended". In the talent market, many employers on the requirement of the position clearly marked as long as men, or men preferred. According to the school a professional mechanical boys revealed, several female students in their class are composed of a boyfriend or male students to "take" away.
     Students can understand it
    "A year, I travel to various recruitment greatly small, but each time disappointed. I really do not want to go to work, very tired! " A graduated last year female university Xiaohui tired and helpless way out of her voice. In fact, as so far experienced gender discrimination in the recruitment of female students for the number of requirements, various or bright or dark restriction, became blocked in female college students' employment way insurmountable threshold. Xiaohui says, she has a few friends is to find a satisfactory job through above this way. Now there are many female students choose to do so, first, you can find a good job; second, may be able to meet my ideal partner.
    Some boys like to such methods.
    Subsequently, the reporter understands, part of the master's or higher degree of male students said they can accept this approach, because in the University in the academic based, neglected to find friends, through this approach may also find their other half. So some friends in the upcoming graduation quickly into male and female friends, this situation is relatively common.
    Female students more support
    Reporters in Lanzhou each big university randomly interviewed some female students, some female students said can understand this approach, because now many units as long as the male not female. There are some students to this approach reservations. Only a small number of female students does not support this practice, think we should rely on their own ability to find work in their own right.
    Editor: Yang Lin
