    A person's occupation career, throughout life, is a long process. Science will be divided into different stages, each stage of the features and tasks of clear, good planning, to better engage in their own occupation, establishment of life goals, very important.
    How to occupation career stages, experts and scholars of various countries have divided different theories and methods, can be divided into division, according to the age level according to the professional level division and the division of three types according to the level of management. Associate research fellow science personnel of occupation career planning in China's Luo Shuangping thinks: according to age, every ten years as a stage more appropriate, that is twenty years old to thirty years old as a stage, thirty years old to forty years old as a stage, followed by analogy. Each of us to experience these stages, so that what you do now? Luo Shuangping about his views, offer reader reference to a friend.
    Twenty years old to thirty years old: first step
    The main characteristics of this stage, is from the school to go to work, is the starting point for the development of the cause of life. How to start, is directly related to the future success or failure.
    One of the main task of this stage is to choose the occupation. In order to make the analysis based on self analysis and internal and external environment, the choice suits own occupation, setting the goal of life, life plan. Another task, is to establish its good image. Young people into the world of occupation, performance, have great influence on the future development. Some young people, especially university graduates, always thinks he has the knowledge, has the culture, to the unit to work after disdain to do little services, not to colleagues to leave a good impression, the development of a young person, can be said to be a crisis. There is also an important task, is to keep on learning. Japanese scientists found according to research, the people life working knowledge, 90% work after learning. This data illustrates the importance of learning to work.
    Thirty years old to forty years old: revised goal can not be ignored
    This time is a person in the flower of youth, is full of his own ability, get a promotion, obtained the rapid development of the cause of. This task, in addition to the strenuous efforts to expand business, exhibition, outside, for many people, there is an adjustment of occupation, revise the target task. To 30 years old, should be more clear to yourself, on the environment with the understanding of the. Look at their choice of occupation, the chosen career path, as determined by the life goals are realistic, if access, should be adjusted as soon as possible.
    At the age of forty to 50: timely charging
    This stage, is the life of the harvest season, the National People's Congress is the cause of the success of loose period. For to this age still be nowhere, cause nothing people should deeply reflect on the reason what in? Mainly look at myself, to environmental factors also have to do an objective analysis, not all reasons are attributed to external factors, others too. Only a correct understanding of their own, find out the objective reasons, we can solve the difficulties of life development, grasp the direction of future efforts.
    Another task of this phase is to "charge". A lot of people in this stage will meet the knowledge update problems, especially in recent years the rapid development of science and technology, knowledge of the update cycle is getting shorter, if not timely charge, will be difficult to meet the needs of work, and even affect the development of the cause.
    Fifty years old to sixty years old: good old age career planning
    This stage is the turning point in life, whether it is to continue to develop in the cause, or preparing for retirement, are facing the turning point problem. Due to the development of medicine, the improvement of living standards, many people at this time and even after ten years, can be healthy, still working, so do the old age career planning is very important. Japanese workers are generally at the age of 45, started late in life career planning; American was 50 years old when doing late life career planning. Our employees by the retirement age 5 years later to do career planning.
    The main content should include the following aspects: one is to determine degradation after twenty or thirty years, you're ready to do what, then according to the target, drawing up a plan of action; two is to study the work after retirement skills, preferably in a retired three years ago started learning; three is the relevant policies of re employment after retirement, the understanding; four is looking for a job. At present China has retired personnel personnel occupation introduction, can contact in advance with these departments, get their help.
    Editor: Yang Lin
