    A daily wage of 5000 yuan, the morning of the table in Beijing, in the Guangzhou seminar afternoon, evening to Guangzhou International Conference simultaneous interpretation...... "Tired, these days really tired." Managed to squeeze out the time of the interview Wang Shengbin met complain. These days to several meetings, on the afternoon of the same day and just give an interpretation class after class, tired. But tomorrow there is a meeting to "do" (that is, they are the so-called "do").
    "This work" is in recent years been noted, known as the "northern" simultaneous interpretation. Simultaneous interpretation is also called simultaneous translation, referred to as "simultaneous", is a derivative of conference exhibition economy. Interpreters working day normally does not exceed 8 hours, salary is generally in every 4000 to 6000 yuan between, it has great relation and interpreters of the brand and reputation, meeting high specifications, then the simultaneous interpreter for half an hour to get thousands of yuan reward is also the very normal matter.
    Not long ago, CCTV broadcast the Iraq war, simultaneous interpreting has become a major characteristic, English, Arabic interpreters, please all domestic industry heavyweight, CCTV also paying a lot of money.
    Knock on any door of illegal occupation, not an easy task, especially si. Under normal circumstances, must undergo a rigorous professional training in simultaneous interpretation. The general oral or translation training, how to communicate with others, speak only English Chinese translation, simultaneous interpretation training focuses on special meeting translation listen and say.
    The evaluation of simultaneous interpreting qualification system China currently lack of authority, the market became the only standard to check the simultaneous interpreter level, quality and reputation of the brand decides the market value of a simultaneous interpreter.
    So the beginning, should take some of the smaller, the relative difficulty of the low point of the "work", avoid by all means is open one's mouth wide, mouth Siqianliuqian, are just beginning to take one thousand or two thousand day has been good. Their rich experience, has a good reputation, set up their own brands, remuneration naturally rises. Then the organizer will even crossed the Public relations company directly seek to come, don't need to find their own "work". In July 23rd, British Prime Minister Blair at Tsinghua BP clean energy research and education center was inaugurated, he can act as the simultaneous translation, because after a few times and BP cooperation.
    Simultaneous interpreter if translation speaker content 80% would be qualified, because a lot of people usually speak very fast, speech and only takes into account your speech or with accents, interpreters have to mobilize all the knowledge and experience of their own to go to all lengths. Those who deliberately slowed down to take care of interpreters speaker after all, not too much, which makes high demands on the quality of practitioners.
    First of all, the practitioner must have spoken foreign language basic skills and extensive knowledge of literacy, translate the content may involve astronomy, geography, economics, weapons, today you "do" relevant genes will, tomorrow may be related to finance, the day after tomorrow may also be the environmental protection. At each meeting, especially by some professional seminars, interpreters will get vocabulary associated with the content of the meeting professional meeting before, but of course can not solve all the problems, and the whole translation occupation and constantly updated, so simultaneous interpreter needs to have extensive knowledge of the structure and reasonable, any knowledge of the blind spot may be "in the process of actual combat" mine "".
    Second, should have good psychological quality. The key is to have a AOA (the ability to allocate attention), that is to say, multitasking, listen to.
    Finally, also requests the translator to have the good physical quality. Death death followed said, for interpreters of the mental and physical are a severe test, so although all two or three partner, but a down people will be very tired, sometimes even appear as the "We are family" translated into the "we are one family" this like the lower slip of the tongue.
    Wang Shengbin thinks that practice is the biggest characteristic of the occupation. Oral English basic skills, knowledge of psychological quality is important, but the basic work and the accumulation of knowledge, psychological quality raise must in practice to get exercise and improve.
    English major graduate, solid basic skills, the knowledge reserve enough, psychological quality is good, the word also know a lot (at least 10000), but may not be able to accomplish the task of simultaneous interpretation. Basic knowledge of simultaneous interpretation in half the time to master enough, but the smooth completion of the various professional news conference, conference simultaneous interpretation, and the accumulation of experience across the specialized vocabulary of the barrier, it will be at least a year can not be the actual combat. To maintain this state must constantly learning, constantly replenish myself, really is to "live, learn", constantly updated to improve their knowledge structure.
    Young people to accept new things quickly, quick reaction, but this is not to say that the older, the reaction is slow, can not do simultaneous interpretation. In fact, a lot of great age interpreter also do well, investigate its reason, it is because they have accumulated enough practical experience, to break through the bottleneck at the start of his career, more fluid in the process of translation, the error rate is lower. At present, the United Nations age biggest interpreter has more than 50 years old, still do very well.
