    Page first: the highest income "part-time" daily income of four thousand or five thousand page second: want to be "Si", a word "difficult"
    Yu Yang told the "Beijing morning news" reporter, Shanghai, Xiamen, Shenzhen, Qingdao, Harbin, Wuxi, Changshu, Xi'an city such as he went to do simultaneous interpretation. An hour talking to reporters he received 3 sessions of invited, but due to time conflicts, finally can only accept one meeting. Many enterprises or organizations paid around looking for best simultaneous interpretation talent, but it is often difficult to meet.
    Want to be "interpreter", a word "difficult"
    Simultaneous interpretation is to get the absolute high salary because talent less, rarity, the reason that talent is less because of "difficult", want to be a "Si", is too difficult.
    Eligible to join "the first condition Si" learning through the advanced translation qualification examination, and then tests the "Si", the only after the entry. In fact, through the primary translation qualification examination has the equivalent of the English specialized eight level, from the current conducted 2 years 4 times examination situation, the rate of not more than 10%, and through the advanced translation qualification is very rare, interpreting the "Si" also on this basis the re-election of advantages, can that is already reach the peak of perfection. A teacher at the Beijing Foreign Studies University School of advanced translation said.
    Beijing Language and Culture University is responsible for the simultaneous interpretation in teaching Wu Xiaocui teacher told the "Beijing morning news" reporter, Beijing Language and Culture University Si professional only recruit 15 graduates each year, their curriculum is also very carefully. "First of all from the mother tongue began to exercise, along with the news network to repeat, and then practice in other languages to read, every day more than 15 minutes, and ensure good 1 words; then practice throughout the process of translation, the 3 semester."
    Mr Wu to show the specific process of the three semester to the reporter, the first semester to the manuscript, translated, and then enter the translation box, training of translation, word and pronunciation are adjusted; the second semester training rapid response, the teacher does not provide the original, students read into the translation box to listen to the sound of translation; third the term have the original and the translation, according to the model of speech to interview or discuss classmate, direct translation. "Training such process is the Japanese authorities summed up, is very effective to improve students ability."
    Beijing Foreign Studies University teacher told reporters, even if such stringent requirements, so you better choice of reading, simultaneous interpreting students after graduation, be engaged in simultaneous interpreting is not much. "Enter the simultaneous interpretation of the threshold is very high, not your graduate training or test interpretation of the certificate, you can enter the industry," Yu Yang told reporters, "companies or customers in the selection of a simultaneous interpreter fairly valued its attended the meeting experience, if a just graduated from school, inexperienced interpreters, almost no into Si circle of capital."
    In addition to mature beyond experience into the conference, simultaneous industry also need to have good interpersonal relationship. Mr. Wu Xiaocui was very agree with this point. "Into the interpreter must be taken."
    Only success, can not go wrong
    At present, the related matters in China does not have a fixed body responsible for simultaneous interpretation, nor on the simultaneous translation work for evaluation of a unified set of standards. To see a simultaneous translation really competent incompetent, will directly by the meeting of the parties to make the evaluation service. General after the end of the meeting, the organizers, the meeting chairman, expert, China delegation, the delegation of other countries are grateful for simultaneous translation work, if you think you did a great job, they would give enthusiastic praise, some will invite you next time again to cooperate with them. If the translation is very bad, the hall was will react, stamping, cough, have a talk.
    "Outsiders simultaneous interpreter, feel that we are a group of Pyramid people on the tip of the entry luxury hotel, to attend the international conference in January, income of a zenith others, but to enter the simultaneous interpretation in this industry beautifully, the inside of the industry pressure is also known, here, you can't fail." Yu Yang told reporters.
    Yu Yang to reporters recalled a failure of simultaneous interpretation. It was in an international economic forum, was with his partner a translator working experience is not enough, in the process of translating many terms are not the correct translation, and speech on behalf of the did not hold good, so translated content to let a person feel at a loss. After the conference, a foreign guests angrily complained that: "I spent 15000000 with technical workers I to this meeting, but due to problems in the translation of what we are not understood, the loss."
    Yu Yang thinks, cruel place in this industry also lies in this, if after a failure, not only meeting the economic and spiritual loss caused to the representatives of the interpreter, also, there will be psychological barriers to future translation, and are willing to find his client also less. Therefore, the general meeting by two or three interpreters partner, everyone works for 15 minutes to half an hour, then need a partner to replace. Because once the brain fatigue, it is difficult to adapt to such a high speed and high pressure operation.
