    Actively looking for their own "361st lines"! It can be to join the international volunteer organizations around the world to experience different life, it can do a full-time Books Online Bookstore, just do what you love to do, work with is happy.
    Food traveler
    Travel abroad and ultimately, is to taste the flavor of Food,
    To feel the real local customs and practices. If so, why not flag, enjoy it? One of the "secret files" kitchen of the world-famous New York chefs bourdon, recently started to travel around the world, while eating while writing "chefs eat Quartet", the world with unique chefs view. Go to the back half part of travel, Knowledge travel and adventure together two photographers to join the global plan of thoroughly, because the only way the combination of food, dining and the perfect combination of memories is the idea of a perfect Food, this work is the best job in the world.
    The apparel purchasing clerk
    When she was in the mood to buy clothes, when the mood is bad also to buy clothes. However, after the passion, the face is the growing backlog of clothes closet become a burden. Think of Zhang Aijia Gigi Leung in the movie "Beckoning" for months and years, is to fly from Hongkong to Paris, Paris to fly to New York from Tokyo, Tokyo, a fashion show to another fashion show, choose from the new product a fashion brand is suitable for Hongkong market style, feeling from a show window and Model body when design of season the most popular, from a candidate clothes temples Scented Shadow illusion of vanity fair clothing, fancy others "the emperor's new clothes", this kind of work, really make people Heartbeat.
    Children's comics Division
    Do "I dreamed" story, a girl said she most want to return to the six years of life, be light of heart from care for myself. A friend read a magazine normally look at the back of the Zhu Deyong "absolute children", because "a very funny". Mofei a sentence in the "Snoby," the little prince and adult children doctrine: "for children, the imagination is his world; but for adults, the imagination is for their care." A few meters type, McDull type "grow" is a kind of relaxed, "naive" to bring a smile to us, their maximum capacity is to allow people to regain the warm innocence. So the author of writing these stories? Jimmy said: "to draw their own love story, is a very enjoyable thing."
    International visitors
    Travel around the world? It is one of mankind's common ideal. But I hope most is like a noble travel in Europe gentleman nobles started his life, in a few years or longer travels on the continent and the world more places, experience more of life. But few of us have noble like conditions? No. After graduation from the University by the academic exchange the opportunity to a famous university in Hongkong for several years, and then through the International Committee of the Red Cross arrived in America in the opportunity to continue their journey. Community volunteer experience, study tours, that may be purely perfect journey.
    Pioneer stage bookworm
    Female friends working in a literary magazine, all content is read novels, this is called the envy of people the spirit of the work, as we so envy Chinese Department students. In the press, editorial board of the literary magazine, online bookstore content department, he was the first to see the book, he first thought about every detail of the book. The process of dealing with the book, he kept his life reading habits, and indirectly determines the taste of readers and the market scale. It's a pleasure having foresight.
    Occupation bargain hand
    For people who know to bargain for a supply of sth., is a kind of pleasure in life. Accustomed to traditional markets to buy food most of the people are not willing to go to the supermarket, because once the clearly marked place, gab and no play, no matter how special is "the dragon eating meat is not happy". But Shenyang has recently emerged occupation Kanjie people, as long as you are professional enough, enough to grasp, in addition to the service in the home, in the service of the relatives and friends, but also to serve the public -- there is a need for people shopping paid service, a "world famous all the land" carefree dripping wet.
    The full-time elected beauty
    The beauty of a woman is a kind of can be changed to the various occupation life capital, for wealth, for love, for couples. From a beauty competition to another beauty contest game, from the local to the national to international applause and flowers, to meet the discerning all invisible opportunities, like small stars who haven't red, from an ad or a TV drama to another, it is our custom said floating but happy youth rice.
    Professional "bitch"
    Do one thing that everyone can see the work, maybe you can think of it as a happy work. You in person after the previous one to star finger pointing, and speak closely reasoned and well argued, at least in the woman heap, such gossip will become increasingly increase your popularity. Although see this job's reputation is getting less and less, can be extremely rise in national gossip degree era, this is a most entertaining, most can make people happy; while for a dedicated entertainment, work must be tired, pain and confusion.
    Building block stacking Division
