    Page first: with the alumni work experience second pages: Interview with Washington's mayor, page third: to share the experience of Eliza Kurt is the United States Grinnell college graduates of Grade 2000, now she has a job you like, but the work is hard, she start from two embarked on a long job search......
    xperience working with alumni
    Alisa was admitted to university, began to want to major in biology and English two professional, but later she had to give up one, she said: "I was more interested in English, so I put the biological cast aside, the main english. Selected professional like I also like two men, but I can only marry one of them."
    Grinnell college have a career development office, dedicated to provide employment services for students. Alisa saw there a summer internship program, she is very interested, want to use her writing skills in practice. List of office director Steve Langerud gave Alisa a 5 page internship units, above has the medical care, education, publishing and other units, there are many old alumni contact information. Therefore, some people start in Alisa and above.
    A call Rima Suki old alumni to send her to the 10 page of your fax, here are some units of the telephone, address and Lima and their contact. Alisa is like finding gold like tread, according to the above address sent out a stack of letters, and then waiting anxiously for news.
    Rima is a freelance journalist, was in New York Time "Home Furnishing design" column photography. During the winter vacation, Lima please Alisa go with her to play two day. It was a very small studio photography, photographers characterization for the magazine. Alisa described the scene said: "the photographer busy run round in circles, from time to time, there was a knock at the door to take photos. My two day of dry adjustable lighting work, according to the photographer request to adjust lights camera angle and brightness. They provide us with food, I drink hot milk coffee, anyway, they pay the bill, I think, they must spend hundreds of dollars to feed us! The two day is busy helping finished, I got a $400 payment."
    In fact, this two days of harvest for Alisa is far more than $400, she also learned from her what to do in the future: "through this work, I think I'm not suited for clothing model or design work, although this work looks very beautiful, but I am not interested to this. I began to consider what career more valuable to me, make me more interested in."
    On the first occasion: don't like to do work
    Alisa sent a letter of application such as sea niniu sink, a few months is no news, and when she wanted to give up, her mother encouraged her to continue. Big two that year in February, New York's "delicious food" magazine called her, said in the summer need an assistant editor, engaged in the research, writing, verify and call work. This is the high-end cooking technology magazine, Alisa happily accepted the job. She guessed, this magazine for a reason she is interested in is the photo editor, daughter also read in Grinnell, "Grinnell plot" so that they have to trust her, although she does not have this experience.
    "Delicious food" magazine company is located in Manhattan's Soho, Alisa from home to there 1.5 hours drive. Despite the hot weather and the crowded subway, but she said it is worth doing the job: "I got a very good experience in there. I work in an office and several old editor, they think highly of me, gave me a lot of work. I want to check a lot of articles, or strict study. I do not work in the office, sometimes they get me to Manhattan's Chinese store bought leek, help with cooking, cooking good food set photos." Once, her editor asked her to verify an article written in French article, asked her to the French call to verify. Although she spent four years studying French, but it is also very difficult.
    Through the internship she understood, any kind of magazines were not suitable for all the tastes of readers. Alisa said: "the editors favor topic does not interest me, when I worry that people will not be because the production procedures of canned food and food poisoning, they have appeared to disagree. I want to be a newspaper writer, write some more general articles. Because people Everyone has his hobby., and this magazine readers who love Food clear positioning in the. Although I am unable to superb cooking techniques to generate interest, but it does not lose is a good practice, let me know what I really like to do. I found that I very like a deadline, like in time pressure to show their. I also like to do research work. "
    Second internship: I am very happy
    Alisa in Italy, Florence read big three, after returning home, she would like to find a summer job. See her career development in the office of the promotional materials, New York Middlemarch studios chairman Maffei Mayer wanted a done research students at Grinnell college, together with the production of documentaries and she. Alisa think this work is very suitable for her: "I have done the research work in the" delicious food "magazine, I like documentaries, because it involves a wide range, this is the job that I am interested in." She was quick to apply to this position.
