   IT employment "fire", whether it is from the IT recruitment will be held throughout the unpopular situation can see that some clue, to experience the students enthusiasm and longing for IT, or open up a variety of job advertisements, IT engineer etc. always appears in the eye-catching position, and then note the "recruiting" word, let people on the "science and technology upstart" envy and admiration also shows evident.
    While the IT employment "ice", is mainly reflected in the current IT industry talent supply and demand contradiction is quite prominent, the talent structure has "two small, the middle" status. A serious lack of software talents, especially the technical leader of some high level, composite and skilled software blue collar talents are rather short, meet the needs of the development of IT industry deal..
    Behind from IT employment market "Rainbow Night", one can see is very optimistic about the IT employment environment, from a global perspective, the future for quite a long period of time on the IT talented person's demand will continue to show rising trend; two is with the common Sales IT industry competition is more and more intense, a group of professionals will gradually to some unpopular positions to change, with the technology and experience their own armed forces. Overall, 2005, towards the IT talent will further subdivision.
    The salary level of polarization
    Although the 2005 IT employment situation is excellent, but wages last year does not appear obvious growth. In general, in the IT industry, there are many segments of the industry, and the different segments of the industry, the salary level also has the very big difference, showing a high polarization, uneven cold and hot state.
    According to the survey, in the IT industry, the monthly salary of 10000 yuan, occupies a small proportion; the monthly salary in the 5000-8000 yuan, communication equipment and mobile phone manufacturing industry accounted for 14.3%, the computer hardware industry accounted for 11.25%, the computer software industry accounted for 48.75% of the Internet and e-commerce industry, electronic and microelectronic technology industry, telecom operators and the service sector accounts for 25.6%; monthly salary in 3000-5000 yuan, communication equipment and mobile phone manufacturing industry accounted for 9.7%, the computer hardware industry accounted for 16.8%, the computer software industry accounted for 46.5% of the Internet and e-commerce industry, electronic and micro electronic technology industry, telecom operators and service industry accounted for 27%; a monthly salary of 3000 yuan in the following, communication equipment and mobile phone manufacturing industry accounted for 4.7%, the computer hardware industry accounted for 26.7%, the computer software industry accounted for 35.3% of the Internet and e-commerce industry, electronics and microelectronics industry, telecom operators and service industry accounted for 33.2%.
    According to the IT employment and salary, experts said, in 2005 for IT professionals, the competition will become more intense, a high position, high wage jobs will become less and less; two is the number of mature brand companies, more attention is the team spirit, and not more on a Sales sales ability. Therefore, the 2005 IT people either to compete for a higher position or a high salary, or do a wage is relatively low in ordinary Sales. In addition, IT technical staff of the division of labor will be more and more fine, will also require more and more college.
    On the contrary, some highlights of the 2005 IT employment will come out, such as network security personnel, demand game talent, software test engineers, researchers, wages will be relatively high. Take the network game talented person, most game design, lack of development and programming staff, as long as 2 years or above related working experience; master C or C++ programming, familiar with Win32/VC++ development platform and Lunix/Unix development platform; familiar with TCP/IP, Socket programming or MySQL,
    Oracle database; object oriented design, have good analysis ability, standardize the programming style; personal work and good English technical data reading ability is preferred. This kind of personnel salary are generally 10 thousand yuan of above, belong to "Jinling" gens. In addition, game designers, art is also a hot job. Experienced planner salary can reach 10 thousand yuan, and senior art if the design speed and quality are good, the highest monthly salary can reach 2-3 million.
    As the saying goes: "the days of high Niaofei, wide sea diving", China's IT industry as a big industry, the development potential is very great. In the employment situation is good, the talent gap larger circumstances, to become a IT, every job seeker can only depend on their knowledge and ability.
    The employment of a new bright spot of IT
    The survey showed a surge in demand of talent - network security, from now to 2008, network security industry employment demand will increase at an annual rate of 14%. By 2008, the number of employment network security industry will be increased from the current 1300000 to 2100000. Both the career prospects, attention, enhance space or payment, salary growth, information security professional than IT other occupations are more superior. The investigation result shows once again the importance of information security is increasingly enhanced, the enterprises gradually realize the importance of information security field.
    - network game talent popular network game talent shortage of large area. In support of the national policy, the next few years China will become Asia's largest online game market. But at present our country professional and technical personnel more than 3000 network game only, the talent gap is too big, the most lacking the first game design, development and programming staff, this kind of personnel salary are generally 10 thousand yuan of above, belong to "Jinling" gens. In addition, game designers, art is also a hot job.
