    My boss Leadership (a company private owner) had this to inspire us: "if you work in a company, 2 years no other company to dig your work, you can only use two words to sum up and summarize, that is -- failure!"
    Seems to have some difficult to understand, but careful pondering really justified. Job hopping or not is a make your own subjective, but if someone to dig your objective is the market need you (your ability to obtain the market demand recognition) of a fact, it is not in your personal subjective consciousness and change. > > > workplace weapon why I repeatedly defeated big company I have participated in the 40 enterprises interview, of which only 500 strong company with Ma Shiji, TNT, Toshiba, LG, UPS, Marykay etc., but the results without a pass. Oh! Why do I often fail at the big companies... I have many friends working in the so-called big companies, and they chat, also feel a sense of crisis, some friends leave these big companies, still did not find a suitable occupation.
    Why would such a situation, a careful analysis of the following reasons:
    One, in a big company office is easy to be corrosive environment superior, big company's treatment and fame very easy to let the on-the-job employees to produce an inert, drink, entertainment became the first paid employee pastime. > > > hot track corporate employees "private lives" inside starts just graduated, big company has always been our dream to achieve quality place to live, now you may have in one body, may still look forward to...... For a long time, in order to maintain their "status" began with the higher level of leadership for some "ceremony" is still exchanges, it also has the effect truly, let a person in a high position to extend the term of one or two years even the past ten years, but this is just a few years, it is easy to ruin your life;
    In two, the company is easy to let a person produce a kind of feeling smug, large companies, because the old user, overall advertising and many years of year old customer support, a little effort, the chance of success than their new open a company much easier, so many in the performance of good people big companies have a feeling smug, think oneself ability is very high, the result of their ability to quietly began a decline in the market change rapidly, without even knowing it; > > > related news readme: big companies break my heart thought into the big company as long as you work hard in return, this thought the company is very standardized, can not think of more than two years of hard work, get in return is being laid off! Alas, this big company really broke my heart...... In three, a company (regardless of size), if more than 3 years, is still in a position, you may face a more difficult choices in the future occupation career, unless the nature of your work is ordinary staff, do not need a deeper understanding of the market. If is a marketing and planning of these posts, you must hurry to reflect on their own, otherwise, you may make your boss to "destroy". The social demand for talent is knowledge more widely as possible, the stronger the ability the better (of course premise is you first have their proficiency in a particular line), a company in consumption for a long time, easy to let a person on the outside of the world of fear, so forming a vicious spiral, horrible! By Sohu recruitment forum about your workplace stories
    Editor: Yang Lin
