    Along with the society to what is real talent to changing perceptions, a few years ago the blind pursuit of high academic qualifications, Porter also to students "grandiose" approach has gradually been enterprises abandon. Now the enterprise selecting popular talent assessment, seekers popular occupation planning, the objective is to "make the right position to find the right person", the workplace with people is the rise of a kind of "pragmatic wind".
    Presentation: choose the right person
    A job seeking graduates of Wuhan University Journalism Department told reporters, he participated in the recruitment examination some newspaper and foreign invested enterprises in South recently, Chan p$of official before the interview, many employers are very the attention of some of the talent evaluation. Personnel assessment is a set of psychology, management science, sociology, statistics, and behavior science and computer technology in an integrated technology. Through the evaluation of personnel quality, enterprises can understand the occupation ability, behavior style, occupation, occupation interest values such as the overall quality of the candidate, so as to realize the understanding and evaluation of the talent is accurate, thorough, the most appropriate relocation of people to the most appropriate work (person, post matching), in order to achieve the best work performance.
    Changsha talent market executive manager Xia Renhe in an interview with reporters told reporters, now the enterprise recruit people not only to see whether the experience, ability, the key to select the direction of enterprise development, identity, values and corporate culture, to meet the needs of enterprise development, the right of workers. They are also ready in November 26th "Hunan on the rise" large talent exchange conference of the 2006 session of the graduates of supply and demand meeting on talent assessment, launched this service initiatives, so that more enterprises to more quickly find themselves want to ask "maxima", also let interested applicants to "occupation health examination".
    Tip two: choose the right position
    According to a recent survey, the contemporary youth employment to the core orientation, choose vocational factors before three are interested in (62.4%), high income (59.7%), oneself can be played (41.6%), senior managers and managers, industry experts, teachers, free occupation etc. occupation became the first 4 options of the contemporary youth. However, the reporter found in the interview, also have a lot of students until graduating soon also no job objective, "to see which positions the high salary" has become the first choice factors.
    In an interview with reporters, senior planners global occupation occupation development consultant he Mu lady, she told reporters, near section she successively in Hunan some college students personal occupation career a few field diagnosis, management and human resources needs of the report, she found that college graduates in Hunan province can seldom get help professional occupation planning in the job, many students lack the correct understanding of their own occupation. The main symptoms are only pay attention to their knowledge scores, do not know their own occupation target and have occupation ability, or anxious to "first employment and employment", caused by blind career and frequent job hopping phenomenon. Where Mu said Ms, occupation development good students have a clear and reasonable planning for the future occupation career development for the first time, college students employment properly, only 2-3 years time can grow up.
    Hunan University of Commerce associate professor, Senior occupation refers to tutor bears Ping said, students to clear their ability, interest, post direction, make a rough job plan for yourself, and prepare the list can prove their ability of materials. In addition, now many units and enterprises in the recruitment are required to have work experience of personnel. The fact that many students to "experience" is also a misunderstanding. Generally considered to have three, five years of work time can be called experience. She explained, businesses are demanding "work experience" is referred to as long as there is related work experience, have a job to adapt ability, organization ability is.
    Tip three: proper occupation information processing
    Duration of campus recruitment boom, next year graduate students began the job journey. Understand according to the reporter, the near section almost each university will organize some human resources and occupation planning experts lectures on campus, to help students correct job choosing. For many suggestions and opinions, students have to think and distinguish receiving information.
    The English Department of Hunan University of the small West, is always sumianchaotian, ponytail tied four years don't feel what is wrong. Listened to an occupation planning experts report back by the dormitory students "criticized": according to those standards occupation planner's view, the small West is a student too strong, not a bit "occupation breath". Then, the small West money and dyeing and perm, his ponytail into a popular style. However, she now look how weird. Di Rong management consulting company senior occupation development consultant Lu Xia said, college students are college students, the personnel manager can see at a glance you have no experience. Since the company is prepared to recruit fresh graduates, have such psychological preparation, knew the face is certainly not much experience of the new. Students must first admit that he was the lack of experience, rather than the "loaded" have the experience, if blindly to the learning of others, instead of their true nature to cover up, give the interviewer is not a natural feeling.
    Sometimes, graduates are too "occupation" of the speech and deportment is to increase our confidence. Confidence is a good thing, but the personnel manager value in addition to confidence, ability more from you and your professional, not from your words and excessive packaging of overbearing manner.
    Related links
    Talent Evaluation Division hot
    Talent evaluation division is a new occupation, is the use of a variety of ways to resolve human job match, master the employee needs, establish occupation career planning, perfect performance management system of technical problems such as efficient, in order for each type of organization personnel selection professionals.
    Personnel assessment is more and more attention from the. Enterprises and institutions recruitment and selection, training and development, performance management, occupation management needs teacher talent assessment professional; the government departments of public selection of leading cadres need talent assessment professional division; restructuring of state-owned enterprises workers "posts" also need talent evaluation division; University Employment Guidance Center for college students employment guidance work need more talent Evaluation Division to help. Individual job seekers in order to get the accurate understanding of itself before applying, more and more attention to the evaluation. Even in this year to participate in college entrance examination students, some people is by doing occupation evaluation to volunteer. Talent assessment division play more and more big.
    At present, in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other places, the professional talent evaluation experts are hot. Industry sources, in Shanghai, carried on the evaluation to a senior management personnel, costs about 5000 yuan to 8000 yuan, about 4000 yuan in Beijing. Talent evaluation expert professional for professional background have the psychology, human resources management, skilled personnel assessment technique, expensive. It is understood, the starting salary of undergraduate professional measuring psychological reached 3000 yuan, a psychology graduate if you have more than 3 years work experience after the starting salary is in 6000 yuan of above.
    According to statistics, at present the National more than 3300 of all types of personnel service agencies, professional services 30% institutions have been or will soon develop talent assessment. Expert analysis, the current domestic professional talent evaluation division lack of thousands of people each year, and the social demand for talent assessment division of the volume will be about 50000 people, promising talents evaluation division occupation prospect, the price also will increase.
    Editor: Yang Lin
              
