    The pair will go hot degree more than any previous year, a record of the previous recruitment company number, job number and the number of applicants high.
    Display from employer feedback situation, yesterday's Shuangxuan Hui, enterprises and nearly 1000 graduates signing at the scene.
    From today onwards, sponsored by the colleges and universities employment situation events will be held, continued into the next month 1 days, a total of 16 field.
    "Do not squeeze in, so many people!" Yesterday, the Chongqing Exhibition Center Shuangxuan Hui technology field, 19000 graduates from all sides came, holding the newspaper provided free of charge "field guide" Shuangxuan Hui, two-way choice and 320 home units face to face, for nearly 16000 jobs.
    Jobs Arthraxon Arthraxon two minutes row hundred lines
   At seven thirty in the morning, reporters rushed to the exhibition center, lined up waiting to enter the hall of the team has more than 2000 meters long. At the front of the line of Chongqing Jiaotong College students said: "I left school at four thirty, five thirty to."
   "Row 1 hours of team, but only a few minutes of the interview," Xiao Cai of Chongqing Jiaotong College said, "this day do most things are actually queuing!"
    It is understood, at 7 in the morning, CAI has been and students came to the front of the Exhibition Center ticket queue at the ticket, seven fifty, exhibition center opening, and the queue waiting for the ticket, finally entered the hall, Xiao Cai Ma received "Shuangxuan Hui a field guide", with the fastest speed to find you want to go commercial bank booth, but found no more than two minutes, the booth has lined up more than a hundred dragon.
    To improve the efficiency of student group
    From the exhibition center square hall walked to the other side, the need to bypass 20 graduates from the row of the Changlong, takes approximately 7 minutes. In order to cope with the line, many students formed a team.
    Du Jia hand from Chongqing College of Post and Telecom with two different resumes stand in the ranks, soon my turn, immediately call to call next to queue classmates Huang Wei: "buddies come! We're going into! "
    Du Jia said, in order to save time, the students dormitory last night to discuss the good, each responsible for a row of a most popular enterprise turn soon, when the telephone to inform others to.
    Reporters on the scene saw, quite a few students are a group of several people, each responsible for keeping an eye on a business.
    Leave to accompany father to apply
    "Come on, there's one unit to recruit civil engineering." Two in the afternoon, HSBC is near the end, two parents like adults but information is still empty booth on the copy job. Dad said, because my son is studying in the field, cannot come back to attend the pair will go, so the two couples had to replace the son to have a look unit.
    While studying at the Industrial and Commercial University Of Chongqing, measurement and control technology and instrument specialty Liu feel very depressed, and obviously father say Shuangxuan Hui alone to apply for good, who knows 10 a.m. father still to come, "said the father not trust me, even the work is not the peace of mind, just leave here!" Liu Fuzhen vibration has the word: "of course, finding a job is a major event in life, I can't let your nonsense!"
    Rob talent Arthraxon Arthraxon sign into a bright spot
    Lin is the Chongqing Jiaotong College this year's graduates, but yesterday was very happy, at 10 in the morning to Gezhouba Dam, was the group phase, with the agreement signed on the spot, become one of the most lucky graduates.
    "Although we are college graduates, but is the profession of ship and ocean engineering little." Kobayashi said, Chongqing Jiaotong College, southwest is the only offer the professional colleges and universities, the graduates are in short supply. Gezhouba Dam group responsible person said, Chongqing many college students are very good, half a day yesterday on the spot signed more than 10 graduates.
    According to the organizing committee, unlike previous Shuangxuan Hui, sign to become one of the highlights of the Shuangxuan Hui, the scene and the employer signed nearly 1000 graduates.
    Give the limelight of civilian run colleges and Universities
    The entry threshold is low, the job very much. More than a dozen private colleges, technical schools graduates job oriented, attracted a large number of job seekers in hot pursuit. Chongqing information engineering college recruit 10 counselors and the number of teachers, peak unexpectedly more than 100 people queuing on your resume, especially in female college students.
    Recruit 50 people 1000 people voted resume
    Two in the afternoon, many enterprises have withdrawn enrol full person, Bank of communications Chongqing branch booth or a row of a few dozen people in long queues, the recruitment of candidates on behalf of one side to explain: "has been filled!" Side shows the two big woven bag under the table and stuffed to the reporter, "only recruit 50 people, has received thousands of resumes! I'm afraid it'll luck! "
    Chongqing Iron and Steel Company of a responsible person said, there are a lot of people's eyes light up talent this year, and by 11 a.m., 3 hours have received more than 600 copies of your resume, and reached an agreement of intent and more than 50 graduates, also decided on the spot signed 6 graduates, "no way, too good, afraid of being different the unit away!"
    Grab the reader Arthraxon Arthraxon red morning warm hearts.
   "Morning news and we go together, to find units more convenient", "see, name, exhibitors recruitment, booth No. stick out a mile," 7 a.m. start, all the students into the hall to participate in the pair got a newspaper free of charge "Shuangxuan Hui field guide", the first thing we get guide is carefully looking for units and positions of their choice. The 20000 job guide were sold out. Shuangxuan Hui, analysis
    The recruitment unit weapon, graduates should identify the location and grasp the opportunity
    Shuangxuan Hui, many enterprises have demonstrated against the college graduates welcome, and made some introduction on basic requirements for graduates of their enterprises.
    Private enterprises do not "occupation training course"
    Many private enterprises to recruit representatives spoke on the candidate's expectations have said, hope that graduates can the static under heart steadfast work. Minsheng Gas Co responsible person said it more bluntly: "we do not want to do some others' occupation training class'!" Minsheng Gas Co booth has many graduates queuing, the recruitment of Representatives told reporters, for four consecutive years, the people's livelihood Gas Co in Chongqing every year within the recruitment of dozens of graduates, but still remain in the people's livelihood Gas Co is not much, "because of the need to send to some districts and counties to work, many children can not stand."
    Minsheng Gas Co representative said, will make more than 300 resumes received mail resume together with field screening, decide to enter the interview, "the focus will be considered candidates have no long-term work in the company's determination."
    Zongshen group human resources department Mr. Nie pointed out, the group asked the new employee must exercise at the grassroots level a year to get promotion opportunity, even the master is no exception.
    State owned enterprises suggestions accurate positioning
    The state-owned enterprise recruitment delegates think, Graduate accurately positioning, fully understand the position you apply for units and.
    A hundred weight recruitment representative said, many applicants even his theory of professional knowledge are not too clear, "the hope of finding some ideas and opinions on their own into the industry, only this person would be interested in a job!"
    The human resources department of Chongqing City Commercial Bank, Mr Lee believes that college students job should first understand his job, if only to stay in the "in recognition of the bank work well paid" is one-sided. Job seekers should first think about whether they are suited for the position, after the issue of how to develop.
    Colleges and universities should be doubly after chase
    Double will resume can be free to rest? Don't! You should take the initiative and contact the employing units, so as to the active job.
    The university employment experts Yan teacher yesterday to remind the majority of graduates, the fancy in Shuangxuan Hui units do not deliver introductory book passively waiting for news, and should take the initiative to meet with the employer recruitment, seize the opportunity and more in-depth exchanges. You know, the opportunity will not take the initiative to find a home, it requires you to take the initiative to fight for.
    Shuangxuan Hui, tidbits
    Yesterday's recruitment site lunch is very popular, 400 box lunch ready soon sold out, but for the teacher even have time to eat is also difficult to relax.
    12 noon, two neck hung on the recruitment work permit for representative lady just holding box to sit down, there is a group of applicants around him, "teacher, please have a look my resume is good?"
    "Sorry, we have recruited to the end!" At the beginning, the two ladies smiled and refused, but could not resist some candidates to persuade, or turns took the resume to browse. The results, a lunch box, the two woman to eat half an hour, during another received 8 resumes.
    "Rice bowl" grab a reporter on the head
    See the reporter at the scene, the Journalism Department of Southwestern University MA students challenge immediately to the reporter: "I come to take your job." The horse with the theory, their next year undergraduate course graduation, home in Jiangsu, yesterday morning come from Beibei, mainly to see if there is no suitable position.
    He said, his work on the request is not high, the general enterprises, institutions can. The reporter asked "science news, don't think of news units to try?" MA students face a helpless: "starting point of enterprises and institutions is not high, seek first to work, and then development."
    Rave "lower requirements"
    "We want to reduce the requirements!" A boy of the Chongqing Normal University in the crowd roared loudly.
    The boys said, opened in three hours, they turned a lot of circle, find yourself a few only from thousands of jobs, and the employer requests the undergraduate, but has many masters to participate in the competition.
    "Oh! And we even overseas middle school teacher's articles! Then we have to reduce the requirements to teach primary school! "
    Rental served high school students
    Xiao Li high school students he is the only one in Chongqing to go to school, the students back to Shuangxuan Hui are counting on him to help her residence. In order to save money, Xiao Li pains on rented the school house next to a kitchen with half a month ago, and borrowed the pots and pans and some quilts in the dorm, finally let 5 from all over the country back to Shuangxuan Hui high school buddy with the shelter.
   Editor: Yang Lin
