    At present, a new round of university graduates employment peak is approaching, all organized by the university employment guidance lectures also ushered in a small peak. However, careful preparation of the school employment guidance lectures, many students do not "appreciate", even people complain that have gained nothing in the lecture.
    Student: "we don't" old three articles
    "Not to feel pity, go and can't learn something useful." A graduate of the Academy of employment guidance lectures made this assessment. She and her classmates and even summed up the lecture "routine": first, emphasize the current employment situation is grim, the students have a sense of urgency; then asked the students to adjust state of mind, don't pick and choose to work; and finally puts forward the professional employment rate in previous years are quite high, encourages students to be confident. One student thought that, "each lecture are stereotypes, and no substantial help for employment." This year just graduated from the University of the pony attended a lecture by a senior executive speaker foreign-funded enterprises in mid November last year. The introduction of "foreign aid" lectures attracted many graduates attend lecture, content is also very rich, but still not satisfied with the pony of the lecture. "Senior executive said in the book online and find, want to ask some specific problems, do not get the chance to ask questions." The reporter also interviewed a random number of Nanning city college graduates, their employment guidance lectures on the evaluation are mostly "not what use", "no specific", the reporter even heard such as "boring" and so on is not very polite evaluation.
    Graduate School: the attitude of the decision guidance class effect
    The course of employment guidance is not sure the school graduates, how is this to see? "Overall, our employment guidance has also received very good results." A teacher in Guangxi Traditional Chinese Medical University employment guidance center told reporters, last year the school also hosted a "in Guangxi University employment interview skills experience exchange forum", in the interaction, students speak very warm, put forward some new views and problems, anti sound good.
    And a staff member of a college employment guidance center said, schools should provide for the students employment guidance and help, but employment is always the students their own things, not passively waiting for the school to solve.
    Expectation: the employment guidance can teach students in accordance with their aptitude
    In sharp contrast to the employment guidance lectures is, some colleges and universities in the district website forum and several large employment forum website is quite popular with the students. Some written by graduate students employment, job search post is by the students hold heat. Reporters to speak with several students to say. The reporter is clicked one post, found that the author embarks from own job experience, to Shidishimei introduced the resume, interview and written for the unit, the need to pay attention to the problem, also analyzes the graduates mentality, the content is very detailed.
    "We don't 'camp' style lectures, and to the 'cut' guidance." Many students told reporters to express such a wish. The students of the "one-on-one" employment guidance demand is strong, but to give each session of thousands of graduates do individual guidance, the school is very difficult to achieve. A teacher in a university employment guidance center forward, Guangxi universities can combine and consulting institutions, the talent market, focus on the professional teaching force, provide personalized employment guidance for students.
    Editor: Yang Lin
