    Unspoken life experience, from the situation and problems of job, can grasp the valuable enterprise information.
    A network of company of Japan to apply for new employees, if you are interested, can not think that send resume, even if successful, the company interview location in the top of Mount Fuji, so you must walk the top, to prove his perseverance and strength, are eligible to be interviewed. But even so, it does not guarantee that you will be hired.
    A few years ago, the apply mode, may not be the young generation to accept. However, as the Japanese bubble economy is not improved, rising unemployment pierced the lifetime employment system, Japan now but investors bullish generation, the interview site moved to Mount Fuji, is just a scene of economy. At least, also started the network's popularity.
    Was selected, we have life fragments
    The job, in fact is that many people in this life can experience, further, its meaning is multi-level, it relates to the us to seek a position in this world, our interest and contributions to the crowd, in the job search process, we operate on their own, also faces were chosen, the test stage.
    I have a friend's sister, has entered the thirty year old, but never by job mark, find a good job experience, every time someone asked her recently in what? She always replied: "are preparing for a job." She prepared for the time spent for a long time, computer science, design Webpage, learn the splicing site erection, busy, is busy, but along with the age accumulation, loved ones will start to feel, she might be "ready to go".
    Most of the time, the job of real experience, confined between job seekers and the interviewer only, will rarely be said. Previously, banks, business and career planning human scholars all exert all over skill, teach us how to make a good resume, how to make the most appropriate, most lets the person impression profound answer. However, when we entered the room with the interviewer face-to-face, the experience still has been regarded as a secret, until recently, began to "open" trend.
    There is a program of cable television in the United States, will allow job seekers to gather in the studio, and then in the one one stage, accept the examiner questions. Finally, also by the audience rating, decide who is the best choice. This inspiration, perhaps directly from a beauty contest, to see the girls filed debut, replied: "I hope the world peace" this kind of problem. However, the choice of the audience is just for reference, who know the program, these people will not be accepted.
    Management scholars think, services or some need to show, contact with people in the industry, in fact, can use the "practical exercises" way of enlisted personnel, and even arrange some emergencies, direct observation of applicant reactions, it is definitely better than face-to-face interlocution, has more validity.
    Perhaps, one day, boarded the Fuji peak also was tiny, similar to the "stranded" this kind of situation will arise, let job seekers into the island for three days and nights, purely survival techniques, when they finally escape day, "admitted" is the best prize. We might think, this kind of situation is most suitable for what kind of work?
    In fact, not only the company in pick people, through the job situation and various strange question, but also to understand the important information we collect this enterprise environment. Schools often teach us "prepare yourself", however, collect useful information, to understand the reality we want to go to the company, is also very important homework. The unusual job problems, but careful pondering over, always contains important fragments of the company or the interviewer. If we take the interview site as "stage", the problem is very likely to be "play", you grasp the script of the ability to meaning, can know how to play this scene.
    The 1 interview, you need to write an article or a document. Otherwise, unless you are going to apply for editing text, and may reveal a message: the company attaches great importance to the expression of words and the form of official documents (on the other hand, you drive or hard work, may be ignored in such companies), you this if not grasp, should early retreat. However, it does not matter, you probably can't pass this test.
    2 interviewers ask you have today than heterosexual friends, married or not, or is used to contact in the company and colleagues of the opposite sex, he is not interested in you, is this company has a special taboo on office romance, can not be ignored.
    Editor: Yang Lin
