   "Hello, this is my business card, please contact me!" Don't think this is a workplace "an old traveller" prologue, this year just started college students to apply for a job in the war, self introduction first offer personalized business cards, a new trend for many graduates.
    Recruitment site business card printing full job title:
    Learn Chinese professional Xie on business cards printed on his own name, contact information, but the most prominent is his title: department student association propaganda department minister, campus Philatelic Association chairman. Xie told reporters, from November onwards, all kinds of recruiting and employing units started to recruit fresh college students, in the huge crowds of people want the jobs that "Bole" phase one, really have to spend bit of idea. Have the students play idea resume past, color printing paper at dozens of pages, or burn a good CD, but recruiters had no time and energy to look carefully, cast out resumes often no echo. And the business card of my contacts and the advantages of various printed in small, both drilling and innovative.
    Colleges and universities around the shop: copy Edition business card
    The reporter understands, some colleges and universities around the copy shop in a timely manner of the card printing business. "In the past, students come to basically be typed or printed resume, begin to have the students requirements card printing this year, spend 10 yuan of money, to still a lot." The boss told reporters, before the student card required format belongs to "public", but now there are people put forward higher requirements, we hope to design a different format, and others to distinguish.
    Beijing University of Foreign Languages Department of Xiao Zhou told reporters, generally speaking, the most prominent student job card two parts: name and title. He explained that, if the university student is the key, name of school in a prominent position on the printing of business cards, could bring "recruiters first eye Xianpinaifu" came to the attention of the job, the effect will be better. On the other hand, many students think, printed on the title can be fully demonstrated the strength of their own. "As for the graduates, if is the student association cadre is the best."
    But Xiao Zhou said, whether it is school level or system level students, not anyone can when, in order to more of a title, many students will come up with another way. Zhou said, in some schools at present, greatly small community may be as many as 100, generally speaking, if persisted in, basically to the big four can be mixed on a "minister", "Vice Minister" level, not a problem with the title on the card.
    Popular card format print advertising words: characteristics
    Xiao Zhou told reporters, with the college graduates job heating, simple "famous brand university" + "title" combination already cannot satisfy the needs, the more popular now is in the form of business cards printed on a word. "Some are printed on a motto, such as Caesar 'non defeat would not leave the battlefield'; there is a slogan, such as' believe me, yes'; some are printed on your LOGO, for example, according to the artistic sign his name design." In addition, different branches of the students apply for different industries, in the business card format also have different choices: for instance some Chinese students, on the use of less common vertical way, seemingly having an antique flavour, very much in line with the professional characteristics; apply for foreign invested enterprises mostly use the foreign language, and some also added such as "No pains no gains" (no pains no gains) foreign Minyan, effort and for unit of culture change. Zhao Wangyue of morning paper reporter
    Personalized business cards to hide "students gas"
    College students why keen business card for? A school of international trade students are explained, and the employer when dealing with, and handed a business card can appear sophisticated, avoid to let students feel "gas by the employer". "Business card design different can give the employer a different impression, such as layout, concise, looks relatively simple, for departments and units comparison flattering; some use pure black as the background, looks' cool ', for advertising company, the design industry, full of personality." In addition, many employers attach too much importance to experience, also forced the students to practice with a title prominent advantage. In addition to the school office, many students also take internships and jobs to business card printing, at the newspaper interns printed "XX newspaper internship reporter", the internship in the company has printed a "XX company XX Department Assistant", there are individual during the period of school students in their own business, business card printing large unashamedly "XX CEO" the most attractive.
    Occupation planners Wang Zhanjun analysis said, this shows that students from the blind pursuit of the last big and complete the transition to highlight key points, is a breakthrough in concept and progress of the job, but too much emphasis on the title and packaging will become a new problem, gold card and the actual effect is to be inspected.
    A new way of getting a job: video resume
    College students resume is no longer "Silence", will "talk". Now, a video resume sadly arisen in universities, has become a new way of getting a job lot of students.
    "My name is Zhu Yu, he Zhu, jade jade." Department of Chinese language and literature of a university Junior Zhu Yu proudly watched the computer is playing his video resume. She told reporters, this is her the other day shooting in Huancheng park. In this way, not only the image to display their talent, but also can let the interviewer feel their presence.
    Text a resume is the recruitment unit for the applicants personal circumstances to understand the basis, and the video resume is like a first interview. Due to simple text resume difficult to show personal temperament and comprehensive quality, so that many job seekers are focusing on text resume "creation", but so many honest talented applicants should not interview. Many recruiters often complain that the text resumes water too much, the interview work efficiency is low, and the video resume to solve the above problems provides help.
    Renmin University of China student deputy director Wen Shufeng think, many students resume content similar, often make the enterprise recruitment personnel feel "headache". Video resume can each student temperament, personality, self-confidence, language ability, foreign language level are very good to show.
    Job two: a new way of network video interview
    Nowadays, another new job way quietly rising: network video interview. This makes the universities students to remain within doors and around the recruitment unit can realize face-to-face communication.
    Have been through the network video interview success find work in a Senior said, he in large talent network registration, fill in the personal data and would like to apply for a job, then leave the contact way, soon after receiving the field a company phone, asked me to Internet video chat of interview. "My side of the students also have a lot of people in the online video interview. It increases our chances of employment, as long as there is a computer, camera, microphone and the speed of broadband Internet access, you can communicate with field units."
    Online interview is very relaxed, like a chat with friends, time saving and labor saving, no geographical boundaries, reducing run around here and there, fatigued by a long journey of suffering. As long as you can surf the net can, video interview on the Internet, so, many university graduates are willing to take this new job way.
    But officials said, for many network benefits, both save time and save money. But there are some risks, students should be timely communication with the school, determine the authenticity and reliability of online recruitment unit, vigilance criminals to use the online recruitment of deception.
    New way: "zero salary job job three"
    Enter autumn, large and small recruitment will follow close on succession. Some college students job seekers in order to get good jobs, hit zero salary candidates sign.
    "Zero salary job applicants" think, many companies require applicants to have several years of work experience, but fresh university graduates with no work experience, but to save, if there is a suitable post rather zero salary, wages are not willing to do.
    But many of the recruitment unit said, graduates in the specific work of psychological bear ability is weak, easy to encounter difficulties go. So despite the drop from the social status, the job may not be the ideal effect. The use value of the employer and not job seekers take do not take salary, or take the number of wage, more important is whether the applicant can stand on solid ground work.
    Editor: Yang Lin
                 