　　The talent market to provide false with the chapter "recruit big" for the cancellation of the enterprise
    Nanchang a has been written off as long as 7 years enterprise, now could disposable "recruit", more than 100 of the college graduates; the communication enterprises Nanchang another registered capital is 500000 yuan only, can not only one-time recruit hundreds of graduates, but also need not consider professional, recruit dozens of industry and communication without associated agricultural, forest, water professional graduates......
    The employment situation of these and counter intuitive people questioning. So, who in the hell is opened to prove for these false employment?
    "Short" enterprise "the best place to settle" Graduates
    Employment Guidance Service Center graduates of universities in Jiangxi province by the province in 2004 tens of thousands of graduates' employment of electronic archives query found, more than 10 companies unreasonable to absorb a large number of graduates, there is a major suspect manufacturing false employment. These little-known company in Jiangxi, the annual intake of University, college students are in the number of about a hundred or more, Jiangxi has become the "employing large", the number of recruits, recruits involving professional wide, make some large enterprises in Jiangxi are far behind.
    The reporter query these "big by hiring" after the commerce department found, some companies already cancelled years; some don't in provincial industrial and commercial departments at all levels have registered; some even still in the term of operation, but the registered capital of only hundreds of thousands of yuan, does not have a year to absorb hundreds of the ability of the graduates, such as Nanchang City (the original translation office Nanchang City talent market subordinate units, the present industrial and commercial bureau check without this unit) in 2004 to accept the 122 this, college graduates; in a name "Nanchang Dongyi Communication Industrial Co. Ltd.", the registered capital of only 500000 yuan of the communication enterprises, in 2004 the graduate receives as many as 107, of which three% of graduates have from the agricultural, forest, water professional.
    Graduates of universities in Jiangxi Province Employment Guidance Service Center Minister of information market introduction Wang Weimin, this will not be the actual employment of graduates "placement" to some and useless people demand for the company or unit, and even provide some non-existent units for graduates "settled" situation, the prevailing in a certain range. False employment situation that the reporter understands, is only "the tip of the iceberg".
    The talent market collect "fee" can accept files
    In these "employer" stamp agreed to receive graduate employment agreement book, the reporter found a strange phenomenon: "the employer by the superior competent department comments" column unexceptionally dedicated seal cover is all "the flow of talent center". The journalists, Jiangxi province talent market (the flow of talent center) have mastered a number of these designed to recruit graduates false employment company with chapters and long-term use.
    Reporters to the identity of graduates of Nanchang City, development of talent exchange service center and Nanchang City, the talent market in the town, found from the issuing false proof of employment, the talent market to obtain considerable economic benefits. Personnel agency department in the talent market, a staff member said, as long as 240 yuan a year to pay related costs, you can apply for graduates archives receiving procedures, and issue the "accept fresh college graduates (Graduate) prove that" let reporters back to transfer files. The reporter puts forward the talent market is different from the actual employment units, departments in charge of education may not admit that this is a graduate of informal employment. The staff said the employment agreement book cover the flow of talent center chapter, "the school will be recognized as receiving the employing unit, and many schools and students do, the talent market will implement specific employment unit name."
    Reporter the public identity, a personnel agency deputy director of the Department of the proposed "false employment" view: "I think that college students the actual employment situation is good, but not many students and employers to sign the contract. Provide some false unit with chapter personnel agency department, just to help these students busy." He is therefore of the opinion that education department statistics method employment pitfalls and unfair, not by units stamped received as the only standard employment or not, it will cause the error of fact of employment and employment statistics.
    Reporter understanding, Nanchang City talent market every year in recent years new "anchored" graduates about 3000 people. The removal of the normal personnel agency part, wherein the false employment may exist considerable.
    Each big university affiliated unit equal employment ""
　　On the surface, the talent market to provide false proof by people can be described as "threefold": on the talent market, can to ensure the provision of household registration and linked units name, to attract more graduates to deal with settle formalities, and collect about 200 yuan per year file storage costs to ensure the economic benefits; on the University, as long as the students found linked units, regardless of whether they can really work, can be regarded as the "employment", not only can maintain high employment rate of school social image, but also to gain more enrollment plan; to the graduates, although they did not realize the true meaning of the employment, but will be able to stay in the capital city of residence or center city, do not have move back to their countries of origin, and continue to look for a new job.
    But the Jiangxi Province Education Department think, man-made false high employment rate will seriously affect the central departments, the country and the employment of college graduates in judgment of the situation, the effective allocation and then affect the related policy introduced and mislead the education resources. Only with some speciality in the University as an example, it may produce a large number of unmanned "foot the bill" graduates still unaware of it, so that the input and output a disproportionate share of education even diehard.
    Some of the graduates also think, falsifying employment unit surface looks "threefold", but never really alleviate employment pressure, caused by its direct consequences will is a lot of "affiliated" graduates in the job market and continue to accumulate idle, resulting in greater pressure to the future employment of graduates.
    It is understood, Jiangxi Province Education Department began to empty high employment rate were severely punished from three years ago, a total of more than 9 graduates in Jiangxi province in 2004, about 3000 in number to delete false employment statistics, and finally released the employment rate is about 89%. Jiangxi Province Education Department said, because of the function of the limit, cannot be investigated or restricted in more detail for the other departments or units.
