    Spent nearly 1000 yuan, with last Saturday Sunday rest day, learning from "resume production", "interview" to "career planning" a series of job skills. With the college job gradually warming, Hushang some professional consulting company also immediately launched many for college graduates interview cram school tuition, although not low, still attract a lot of students. Experts think, it is because the majority of enterprise recruitment decisive in interview approach, that has caused students examination mental fight to win or die.
    Recently, the author personally experience a lesson called "job Master" job training class. The author found that the original 20 people, the curriculum to nearly 30 students, even the students crowded one or two hours bus came. Curriculum as a teacher by senior company HR, each a piece of A4 paper, intermediate to write down their names, like the triangular column as flat on the front, and then begin to know each other first class "".
    "In a group interview, if asked to evaluate each other's words, can use the 'sandwich' law", for the more popular in a big company in the present group interview, teacher HR for everyone to move. Evaluation of each other should first appreciated, then point out each other's shortcomings, finally also to be "nice" at the end, "that is both comprehensive and appropriate." This "workplace sandwich" let the students enlightened, nodded.
    The authors note that the job training course is mainly to combat exercises, including personal interviews, group interview etc.. For curriculum design, students are very interested in.
    It is understood that the current market for college students job training courses are mostly in the introduction of this weekend, for a period of two to three days, the price is basically in the 700 yuan to a thousand dollars. But the scene to class most of the students said that if we can help your job search, spend thousands of yuan is worth it.
    According to some occupation consulting company marketing consultant Mr. Yao introduced, college job training class last two opening are full, there have also been students found the next class is what time.
    "Never interviewed, a few minutes down immediately to interview with real experience", Xiao Li in the mock interview lesson up was started asking "why be late 6 minutes" tells the author, although usually read a book, searching the Internet can also find a lot of "interview Raiders", but not as much as the scene walkthrough comes imprint is engraved on my heart.
    "I'm learning achievement and practical experience are good, not afraid to give full play to the interview. Look how to tell the interviewer exchanges, asked tough questions when I do......" A graduate of Tongji University Joba Chamberlain said, spent 7 years in the University, now at the most critical time, "as long as the interview well, offer also will come, spend more money is worth it."
    "College students are willing to spend money on all kinds of job training class, mainly with the enterprise recruitment interview link, too much" for college students keen to interview training class phenomenon, East China Normal University Employment Guidance Center Shen Weiyu said, at present by the employer in an interview after the final decision is often employed or not, "which makes the job of college students all focus on the interview, don't hesitate to spend huge sums of money package, but ignored the usual accumulation and training ability; usually there are many employers to reflect, the interview is very satisfied with the students, recorded after it was found that discount" in ability, this fact to the applicant and the enterprise are adversely, Shen the teacher suggested that enterprises in an interview at the same time, can be long-term investigation, "such as providing internships, or a task, in practice test job students personality and ability."
    In addition, Shen Weiyu said, university graduates job relatively inexperienced, the master some basic precautions before the interview is necessary, "the first impression is indeed very important, but not so excessive packaging, interview the most critical is that individual strength body now".
    Editor: Yang Lin
