¡¡¡¡2006 Chengdu University graduate Shuangxuan Hui held in the school gymnasium, Shuangxuan Hui, a Chengdu Hotel "recruiting the doorman" information is particularly eye-catching, although some students thought "the doorman lowly, also promising", but this position finally no one asked jin.
    "The doorman" position appeared Shuangxuan Hui
    At 9 in the morning, Chengdu University gymnasium, waiting to enter the field of Shuangxuan Hui students lined up more than 200 meters long. The hall, the 132 units are busy move, the pair will go provided a total of more than 2000 jobs for graduates, involving many fields, such as machinery, building automation.
    Shuangxuan Hui a recruitment site, "the doorman" information, caused the presence of many students talk. In this piece of advertisement "the doorman" recruitment column, the employer is a hotel. The recruitment bar was introduced in detail, such as front desk attendant foreman position and qualifications, including "the candidate doorman": male, height 1.78 meters to 1.8 meters.
    Has no one to come to candidates
    At nine thirty in the morning, Shuangxuan Hui the flow of people to reach peak, all the recruitment of units are packed for students, this hotel recruitment stage is no exception. "Many students to come to the job, but nobody for the doorman." Double ended, the hotel human resources department is responsible for the recruitment of Xue Hong said in an interview, the hotel provides a waiter, foreman positions have been many students come to delivery information candidates, but "the doorman" No one shows any interest in the job.
    Hong Xue said this to Chengdu University Recruitment "doorman", because at this position is short of hands. "'the doorman often help the guests' luggage, the need for physical condition, at the same time also need a certain degree of cultural quality, because of the way one gets along with people need good manners and courtesy." She believes that "the doorman" this position also represents the employer image.
    For no one "the doorman" the position of reason, Xue Hong thinks, may be the hotel for height requirements too strict, deter some intends to apply for the position of the students.
    Students have different views
    For the recruitment of "the doorman", not a college students' views. "Oh, my height is limited, from the doorman almost." A boy saw the recruitment information, fun and friends. When a reporter asked the students around if you are interested in "the doorman" this post when some students laughed. "The doorman why to university to recruit, anywhere can catch a big." Student Xiao Yang said.
    However, there are also students have put forward different views. "The doorman is the first face of the corporate culture, personal service image in relation to the enterprise culture and taste." The Chengdu University of public utilities management specialized big three students had comfort said, if necessary, he will try to be a doorman, "now the employment situation is very serious, we should be ready to work hard, from the lower stem is also acceptable."
    - instant comments
    If the students when the doorman
    The hotel doorman in college enrollment, the thing itself or some fresh, not college students take in surprise. If the students when the doorman, someone will say: This is a waste of talent, is learned 10 years of knowledge, the result is to help people to make Lala gate, baggage. As long as the height fit, stall, dengsanlun can go when the doorman, why bother with college students?
    Since the doorman this post is the first face of enterprises, units and why not the students on the doorman post exercise, with the actual work experience, appreciate a bit of life and well-being, a brick is knocking on the door of the society. The bird must choose good wood and habitat, college students also want to find a high starting point, but without the high starting point, step back, the doorman do out of style, dry gave reason, you will no longer be the doorman. In fact, college students when the concierge's is also acceptable.
    Editor: Yang Lin
