    Page first: hair shampoo sister second pages: third pages: rheumatism therapists right politician fourth pages: Fifth pages: trainee weather report girl sixth pages: seventh pages: ballet dancers housewife eighth pages: ninth pages: Israel women fencers page tenth: occupation women since ancient times, the most can move the man is in the kitchen, hard-working, wearing a small apron and his hands covered with powder can, no choice. But the modern women, more out of doing "Lady" of the frame, a lot more when the government officials, professional doctors, lawyers, designers, or to guide the warlords foreman and even popular stars, musicians, etc....... Waiting for women to take up work have been presented in front of us, but you could have thought of many in the industry, the most let the men feel that what is the ten female occupation sexy?
    Sexy, really is synonymous with less wear clothes, ogle, coquettish bone? In men's eyes, sexy in the end is what? In order to release the above question, we found a group of men, for you personally answer.
    Recently conducted a survey of French ELLE, method is to have a group of men trapped in an office, then by all means, forcing them to speak to a sexy woman view. You probably know a man to criticize women generally seem embarrassed (especially they honestly say idea psychological true); in addition, they often lack of imagination, after all is said and done are some perfunctory no new words. So, as in many aspects in the process of natural to be forced for. Warm up two hours later, the final great harvest, how to see the results:
    Hair shampoo sister and politicians, seemingly status of two industry disparity, the sexy degree even in the hearts of men is the same.
    Hair shampoo sister
    The man said: female stylist is good, but they cut in the hand, sharpen one's knife, if accidentally under the knife is wrong, can "shout all useless". Hair shampoo sister, direct contact with her hands and his scalp, but not dangerous, is the largest temporary water too cold, but this is what the big deal. Also, most of them in the sixteen to eighteen years old, in general are very cute.
    Reverie: them our shampoo "put" a little better. They stood behind me, I only feel their hand, and they slowly massage scalp, casual like, while also look in the mirror and toot lip, tidy my lipstick...... This cold light and on the situation a little control performance, is the most fascinating.
    Comments: the argument is not strong, but the status of this industry should be improved. This belt naive fantasy is also very fresh, just more like Thai massage girl this kind of unemployment, hair shampoo sister shall have a distance.
                   
