    Went to college students looking for internships peak. Practice, college students is the first step towards the occupation career, internship experience often affect the career, do not look down. So, how to choose an internship, in the practice process should pay attention to what? Sunward career occupation planning experts have put forward some advice for your reference.
    Sunward career occupation planners weapon
    Three strategies to create the perfect practice
    One, close to major aim occupation choice internship
    Practice is the basis of employment, especially the high grade students' employment practice, is for the purpose of employment. Therefore, the choice of internship positions is very important. Students in the choice of jobs, should try to choose and its related professional jobs and their interest in the job, professional knowledge in this way can the biggest play of inside, add weight to their future employment. Some of the students to practice as a part-time job, where more money, where to go to practice. However, the consequences of doing so will be very serious, because you never really learn what and future occupation related things.
    But those who choose to professional counterparts internship students in the professional ability has been greatly improved. They not only further master the textbook knowledge, but also learned a lot from the practice outside the textbook skills, but also on the professional and specialized field understanding far beyond the narrow understanding while in school, up to the higher levels. We a school, learn, in practice the unit experience different can pull open big gap.
    Two, explore personal occupation target and positioning in practice
    In the formal pre employment, practice is a good occupation exploration period, students through the practice work, began to understand the workplace, understand all kinds of responsibilities, work content, which provides a good opportunity, personal occupation and occupation target fixed position to explore in this process, which is the direction of development and personal the future orientation. During the internship, you not only work hard, but also to actively thinking, the study of personal interest, good work, they yearn for the work, and hope to reach the goal of future occupation, etc.. The practice process if can preliminarily or basic clear personal occupation target and orientation, formal graduation career will go a lot less detours, when other students is still in the exploratory stage, you have been in a selected channel to the depth development.
    Three, inspection unit in practice, familiar with the workplace "ecological environment"
    Don't think, the process of practice is just a process, to accept the enterprise investigation as a matter of fact, the process of practice is the process of college students and enterprises mutual understanding and investigation. In the process of practice, students can more deeply into the enterprise, into contact with colleagues in the future, feel the corporate culture. Then, ask yourself, Is it right? Adapt to the working environment? Is it right? Like the job? Is it right? Can and other people can be very good communication and cooperation? If the answer is no, then you must as soon as possible to consider their next choice. For if through practice, you find that you are not fit for the job, so it's not too late. This choice is different from the theory, he makes you feel more deeply, because he is your through their own labor to truly determine their own direction.
    To remind the sunward career occupation planner
    Point of view: the occupation planning experts Hong Xiangyang - "occupation planning post qualification certificate" expert committee, Xiangyang chief occupation career planner
    Details determine success or failure of the attitude and Practice
    The light has the idea is not enough, to really implement the three "tricks" in the process of practice, in the practice of attitude and the details of the same can not be ignored, should pay attention to three points:
    The L initiative, creating learning opportunities
    The school of knowledge is the theoretical knowledge, may have been behind the development of the times, the need to quickly learn, renew the knowledge, to adapt to the demands of the job practice. But there are instances in some companies, it seems that you are here to learn, not what to do, just tea, not taught you anything what people.
    In fact, you are wrong, into a company, you should take the initiative to feel its corporate culture, to the industry's predecessors, the old mages learn. May practice the same two people into a company, in which the mind is quick to take the initiative to learn in the future achievements will than that blockhead what things are waiting for someone else to teach themselves to accomplishment.
    L strict demands on themselves, when formal work towards
    Think oneself how to bring fame and benefits of better business, even in some of the details, such as clothing, punch and so on, must be in accordance with the regulations of enterprises. To regard ourselves as the new employees in enterprises, with the requirements of enterprises and human occupation standard strict demands on themselves. Since the practice as a position in the enterprise, will assume the post responsibility.
    The students definitely not because of practice, follow one's inclinations, don't work hard. Instead, you should work harder than others. Because you come to practice to learn experience, and not dawdle. If you have enough hard work than others, will grasp more recruitment information, also let generate goodwill -- if they can directly to stay on your internship units, so a powerful army crowded single plank bridge, that is the best.
    L remember the certificates, vouchers as experience
    After the internship in a company is over, we must start a proof, when you begin to find work to participate in the interview with this certificate is very important, especially those who have the opportunity to the industry well-known enterprises internship students, is more of a chip.
    Practice, is the first step in a personal occupation career. For tomorrow the country nearly 4000000 college students employment competition, maybe this road from the beginning is not easy, the first step a is very difficult. As a result, first step is particularly important. Sunward career all occupation planners hope that all students can step out of a good beginning.
    Editor: Yang Lin
