    A new section "job" to help you stay at home to look for work
    The reporter reports reporter recently learned, CCTV recently will launch a new television job kind program -- "job", hope that through the "recruitment will do on TV", let those "job seekers need to look for a job or work for the" foot, can not out to participate in the "Recruitment". Easy access to a large number of employment information.
    It is reported, China's current employment situation is more severe, the annual national new urban labor force in more than 10000000 people, the new workforce needed to obtain reliable employment information and opportunities through appropriate channels. At the same time, need a lot of labor recruiters also lacks a strong coverage of the recruitment information release channels. The lack of a convenient channel of the information communication between the two sides.
    In reality, hold recruitment will become the main way of recruitment and job search parties to communicate. But because of the restriction fairs by field scale, the holding time of the objective conditions, for job seekers and recruiters, is both time-consuming and laborious. Recently, some recruitment site because of the crowded scene is too hot caused by, but also makes many job seekers "to talk about recruitment discoloration".
    Therefore, the hope borrows CCTV television media in the information release platform advantage, set up a corresponding television job kind program, will recruit will be moved to the screen, allow job seekers can stay at home, get a lot of employment information through will be able to watch TV at home the way. Finally, the CCTV will this column named "job".
    According to a source in the internal columns said, "looking for work" will be a daily program, every day at noon in the CCTV economical channel (CCTV - 2) broadcasting, publishing approximately more than 200 enterprise recruitment information in thirty minutes. At the same time, the person said, "looking for a job is not only the" hard "column" to release recruitment information, also will use multiple windows TV report way, in the release of information at the same time, through the studio expert interviews, typical case analysis and other forms of employment, job seekers job ideas, methods and techniques of guidance job. Let those who are hard to apply for a job and occupation planning people, by watching this program, can understand the process and different style company recruitment and interview, to learn how to handle interviews.
    Editor: Yang Lin
