    After April this year, another aim at Fudan elite students boutique recruitment will be at the Management School of Fudan University was held yesterday. The recruitment will be gathered in the city more than a dozen Global 500 companies, a total of 70 positions in engineering, management, attracting nearly 1000 desire exhibition in business passers Hung's students of fudan. However, the reporter found, the more elite enterprises, more attention to the performance of the student body details. Because many people ignore the details and lost further contact with the business opportunities.
    The recruitment in order to control the passengers, all tickets. To create a fine atmosphere, hit the enterprise recruitment requirements very high panels. Is omitted all policy management consulting company all simply making unified requirements: candidates must have a master's degree or above,
    MBA is preferred; good in English written and verbal communication skills, proficiency in the use of computer; at the age of 28 ~ 35 years old; healthy body, can adapt to long-term business; able to work overtime; Wuguanduanzheng, good occupation accomplishment, dedication, learning ability, innovation ability and the team cooperation spirit; have the high-level management experience and medium-sized enterprises is preferred, with the international well-known management consulting company experience preferred. The company specially set up the interview area on the two floor, but the delay can not find favorite interview object.
    To do the work of human resources in a global fortune five hundred company Miss Sun said, because this is a boutique recruitment, so also the higher demands on talents. Many people think that the panels on request is mostly empty, but I do not know that they deliver resume process is an interview. For example, the recruitment of tickets clearly require students to "wear formal attire", or some students dress casually admission. She can not accept students employment did not have money to buy the suit claims, but can not accept individual students wearing jeans and sneakers to interview. This in addition to represent their disrespect for the enterprise, also shows that they do not have the occupation accomplishment.
    In addition, there are some students in the enterprise the question "what questions do you have for me?" Because no prior to the homework is "asked". The individual to reflect fairly flexible students have visited the company Webpage excuses in advance, and begs the question. In fact, he gave up and let the interviewer to understand their own opportunities. In fact, as long as they do to spend some effort in the online search business data, do some preparation, you can easily avoid the ice, can give the interviewer professional, serious good impression. But because of the neglect of details, so that with the opportunity to pass.
    Editor: Yang Lin
