    In recent times, employers continue to flock to the publicity and recruitment of colleges and universities, and with the November 20th state of the University mass recruitment of "release", there will be more enterprises to enter the universities to recruit 2006 graduates. Reporters learned in the interview the University Employment Department yesterday, at present in Colleges and universities in the professional employer welcome is the characteristics of graduates, and has ignored western employers is also optimistic about the employment of graduates, a lively potential.
    Students wait characteristic sign
    There are some obvious characteristics of professional college in Nanjing, according to a Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology student director Chen Xuecheng introduced, the graduates of the school of meteorology as the most characteristic this year by the employer to stare at the signing. These two days, the Hunan meteorological department to the school to 2 students, selected after within the school waiting for signing, the provisions of the state in the 20 days after the signing, the two day waiting. Director Chen told reporters, the school meteorological professionals including atmospheric sciences, meteorology, the application of lightning protection of professional, the master graduates more than 600 people, half of the graduates to study section, so the real employment is more than 300 people, according to him, this year the national only meteorological system will go into the 16000 graduates, among them 80% is the meteorology majors, in addition, the national defense science and Industry Committee satellite launch center are to people, meteorology graduates simply not enough hours. Nanjing University of Aeronautics & Astronautics student deputy director Wang Qifeng said, the school's aircraft, aircraft design, aircraft manufacturing and other specialty although in recent years, every year graduate enrollment, but still a serious shortage, the three professional this year a total of more than 700 students, 100 more than last year, but the employer came early for "" like, 60 graduates of civil aviation major dispatch direction has been "grab air". Employers also unceasingly appears "new faces", in addition to the aerospace sector and other traditional employer, began to the public security department equipped with police helicopter also come to people. It is understood, the Hohai University, Nanjing Audit University water professional auditing profession are due to high demand and are competing.
    Western employers have become "xiangbobo"
    Reporters yesterday was informed that the accident, the past is graduates left out of the western regions, in recent years have been good. According to the introduction, since this year for the 5 consecutive year, China asked the national universities every year recruited 20000 people as a volunteer of western plan to the West Service 2-3 years, and then re employment. South, East Grand, China Southern Airlines and other colleges and universities have scrambled to the phenomenon of graduates. Southern letter, 05 graduates in 25 people to the western region, which has more than 10 plan was later added, asked to west of more than 100 people, want to go to the West in 2006 sessions of graduates more. China Southern Airlines to western regions more graduates, graduates this year to reach about 300 people. Reportedly, China Southern Airlines for excellent students would like to go, if it is to get more than two times "three good" student party members, such as the honorary title of school students, also can get 1000-5000 yuan reward, this school year took out the award fee 80000 yuan. As the western volunteers, many students have positive performance, at the same time in the western support some of the graduates, exercise their own hardship spirit, to open up horizons.
    Hot spots and grasp employment rhythm
    This Sunday, held in our province the largest employment recruitment for 2006 graduates will, employment more hot spots will be presented. A Nanjing University employment guidance teacher introduction, from now until May next year, there will be three employment climax: Recently, the next semester and April graduate after admission, in the three period, release recruitment information more employers, graduates don't miss the chance. In addition, from the employer, foreign-funded enterprises, private enterprises due to rapid decision-making, employing demand is big, hiring time earlier, and institutions relatively late, graduates can according to their own thought into what the nature of the unit grasp the rhythm of employment. China Southern Airlines teacher reminded, employment can not blindly "employment first, and then career", after the work began two or three years for the accumulation of experience, understanding of the industry is important when choosing a career, so it must be calm, rational, not indiscriminately personal data, not into the wrong line.
    Editor: Yang Lin
