    At the end of foreign staff and frequent job hopping, which has affected the sustainable development of enterprises. Held yesterday in the "2005 first capital (human resources) Summit Forum", the latest survey of association of enterprises with foreign investment and foreign service companies reported City, Shanghai foreign average annual turnover rate of 16.7%, has exceeded the average annual loss rate to maintain the sustainable development of the enterprises reasonable employee.
    A survey is given of foreign boss acceptable, keep enterprise sustainable development and reasonable staff average annual erosion rate was up to 16.5%. But the actual survey results show that in 2005 September, a year before, the average city drain all of the surveyed foreign staff ratio of 16.7%, in all of the surveyed industry, no industry staff turnover rate is lower than 5%. One real estate, consumer products, communication, education, tourism (hotel) and other industries to become the highest turnover rate of the industry, the average loss rate of more than 20%; and the commercial, financial, pharmaceutical, chemical, electronics and other industries of the staff turnover rate is between 15% and 20%. General manager of 99% agreed that, close to the total number of employees 16.7% of 1/5 the average loss rate will have a material adverse effect to enterprises.
   Investigation shows, the enterprise in order to keep the talent team, in an increasingly competitive pressure to mainly adopts "digging" strategy to obtain senior talent required, this has prompted the foreign staff of frequent job hopping, is a big reason led to staff the average loss rate of high rates of. But most think that through continuous staff job hopping is the effective way to achieve the rapid growth of compensation. As a marketing or sales department manager, job change company every year, some salary generally can be increased from 3000 yuan to 12000 yuan.
    President of Shanghai talent intermediary Association Gu Jiadong think, maintain appropriate staff turnover rate help to avoid corporate rigidity, but the turnover rate is too high will affect the sustainable development of enterprises, how will the staff turnover rate is controlled in a reasonable range will be multinational enterprise must take seriously the issue.
    Editor: Yang Lin
