    Although the winter has not arrived, however, the "hot" job fairs, but already full of guts three chill: -- this year the high school college graduates will exceed 3600000, this number is not accumulated millions of secondary and vocational technical school graduates!
    "College students" China -- according to the data provided, the past three years the national figures, the employment rate of graduates over 70%. But the country's "employment" and "the concept of unemployment", are not market concepts (such as the "waiting list" is not "unemployment"), in fact, the employment rate is far lower than this figure.
    According to "BJ" provides job search statistics, before the Spring Festival, the workplace requirements "experienced" positions accounted for 95%, and job seekers, but accounted for more than 65% of graduates!
    University -- "weekly" senior reporter Yang Aixiang visited data show: incomplete data from recent recruitment will Beijing, Tianjin, Guangzhou and other places of statistics, many undergraduates expected salary at around 2500; and survey data show the average talent agency, pre enterprise is in the level of 1700 yuan.
    Survey released recently -- Beijing college graduates employment guidance center results: graduates of the obvious contradiction between supply and demand, enterprise receives the graduates employment market policy obstacles, does not meet the need of university employment guidance of College Students' employment and the content of the superficial, a result of the four major causes of the difficult employment of college students is the important capital.
    In such grim circumstances, 3600000 graduates, what do you take to save myself?
    As a HR workers weak, I can't offer you face "the contradiction between supply and demand", "policy obstacles such as" macro issues opinions, however, to understand the "market", to make up for the "university employment guidance content shallow", graduates must first listen to the voice of HR, you know what enterprises and enterprises HR think. I can only talk about college students from the perspective of HR, how to help themselves.
    HR why silent?
    1, silence for one reason: avoid the "little man"
    Because I was director of Guangdong Institute of human resources, the activities of HR in many, and many human resource managers know. In Guangzhou to participate in second of the graduate recruitment, at noon I and several different companies HR sit together to chat, and mobilize them as a forum to the internet. One from state-owned enterprises HR director, last year and I together by a school invited, presided over the "graduate recruitment prospective exchange", that he was very active, but today was silent, I asked him why he. He said: you don't see your article (he refers to the "HR voice 1: fresh graduates, I to you" very unhappy ") back to reply? You speak to someone when you are enemies. Either being scolded, I have to be the official language said: in fact, our college students, 98% are excellent, confident, capable, only a minority of people is what. We offer a view, just as you favored reference, inappropriate, please forgive me...... Then spoke! -- to help others opinions, also to serve him as master, I don't do it.
    Indeed, HR an opening, there are a few voices shut them up, for example, I have seen a some HR to the college students' letter on the Internet, some following behind is (quotes content): "HR is not what things, they are subjective choice of one's own"
- graduate, you ever not on own subjective choice of employment? Just now you have no choice. Chairman Mao is not subjective, regardless of background, regardless of height and weight, two words: "go to the countryside" -- all have a job. Will you? This is good? So you don't want according to their own preferences choose jobs! If HR say: OK, don't choose, position 3, first come first served! This line? If the first to you?
    "HR is our into the enterprise a barrier, besides, they are not something"
    You enter the University -- college entrance examination is a barrier, in addition, it is also not what. But you don't rush, you today is not the "College students".
    "You don't pointing, standing in the college's position to consider. Think about what your first dog face! "
    Hey, buy things, don't be so picky, you stand to consider in our product angle, you see that dog like want to buy our products! - talk to customers in this way, and successfully sold the products?
    I issued in the "HR voice 1: fresh graduates, I to you" very unhappy "after" received hundreds of email, there are also individual more extreme response: "although I agree that you say the truth, but you why a pole killed a person boat?" (I'm a 'killer'?) "Are we in your eyes is so bad" (he thought I put forward the "8 not", is that the students are like that). Do the next time I really like the friend said: first of all, 98% of the students are equipped with "8" instead of "8 not"?
    Of course, a part of this extreme person is a small but often is because the minority voice, let some HR not to speak - because the deal himself no income, say not good to scold, but to spend time and energy, it is not asking for it?
    2, the silence of two reasons: splint helpless "employment first, and then career"
    This is common in Universities -- in helpless after, almost speak with students to guide. As HR, fully understand and support. But the problem is: all bosses, fear most is the students "employment first, and then career".
    The investigation report of Beijing College Graduates Employment Guidance Center: rate in more than 30% of the total number of enterprises reached surveyed 50% students in two years after the enterprise receives a loss, some units received college students loss rate as high as 70%, enterprises generally think that their high turnover rate for college students "tuition fees are too high".
    The boss -- position and employment, is understandable, but, it has almost become the opposition irreconcilable conflict. In this case, HR became a splint. HR is not the boss, helpless, can only silence is golden. Moreover, in most enterprises, an important index of assessment of employee turnover rate is HR.
    For many reasons the silent HR, not one one lists, I want to suggest is: this time lost most of the graduates, in fact the most need to hear the sound, not the macro guidance from the national education department, not from the teacher's advice, but to know "buyers" (enterprises), especially the "buyer procurement specialist" -- the voice of HR. You should think of a way to make HR open, and not tell them to shut up.
    So, the "3600000" to save his first move, is give you do employment mobilization of school leadership, the rostrum, trying to please all walks of 8-10 HR up to the podium, the students well prepared for your frustration, even though the 10 HR is not representative of the workplace, but it is better than oneself go to the job fair "hit" well -- if you are a school administrator, or the student cadre, please do this right now. Maybe you find a job -- I remember in June this year business school in a symposium, we ended the meeting, one not to ask questions of students, very sincere went to the platform, and the host to grab the microphone, see her appearance, I and the host said, let her with it. She first is key, simply use two words to introduce yourself, and then she put the "problem" is: please leave my contact information, I need a chance to practice -- then the temporary write on 4 pieces of paper name, expertise, mobile phone call to us. We were a bit from Guangdong Province advertising company marketing director said: you tomorrow to my report there. And many students also immediately said we should (but the chance is only 1). "The classmates, I give the opportunity, because: first, she also fight, when no chance second, active decide everything." Please remember, it is very important to us!
    HR and enterprise?
　　Investigation shows, students job seekers in 63% said "lack of experience" has become the biggest difficulty. But the general theoretical model of enterprise that, too much emphasis on education system, from the social needs of the actual setting majors and courses, is the main reason to cause this problem.
    Companies first need to 5 traits: in fact, most of the boss, the majority of HR, are all know, understand and accept the "College Students' lack of experience" -- it is ah, this can not blame the students. But, at the same time, no social understanding enterprise -- take private enterprises, social come out benefit, to admit you; state-owned enterprises can a lot of loss, if not a little relationship between private enterprises, even if your potential is again good, to the bank loan of 5 dollars is difficult; private enterprises regardless of profit, or losses, have to pay tax, until you die (state-owned enterprises can "disease of immortality", countries not to die, to give financial subsidies), these cases, forcing them to recruit experienced people, they afford private entrepreneurship -- had come out, in the face of "social" the interviewer, or like a "graduates"? Who can give it? Is not on their fight haemorrhage way quite survive? Only survive or alive, can today in the recruitment of graduates. So, their attitude to the graduates, is naturally hope to see that full of "honesty, self-confidence, hard work, independent, practical" characteristics, with the big 5 traits, "lack of experience" is not a problem, who talked too we college students "no social experience" boss, enterprise, teacher, say these words, is naive -- down in life, in addition to breathe and cry, who will have what experience? Who was born with experience for a president?
    Do not believe, you can try: you tell a company, every semester I get a scholarship, I have N certificate, my professional knowledge, I what traits are very good, is the 5 short of 3, for example, dishonest, do not want to struggle, to see who will want you! And if you have these 5, you can not find a job for me! Our company hold, I recommend a lot etc.!
    For example, we have a look at the recent survey: survey published the results of the recent Beijing College Graduates Employment Guidance Center: "College Students' employment loss rate as high as 70%, half of the students after graduation because cannot bear being out of business." According to the Beijing evening news, the survey showed Beijing College Graduates Employment Guidance Center: rate in more than 30% enterprises receiving college students after two years because of a loss, suffering and eliminated up to 50%. this section of the report involved, about three contents:
    1, lack of effort (work hard);
    2, is not practical.
    3, the lack of integrity of college students after signing the contract, breach of contract, the enterprise is most afraid of, so, in addition to the strong enterprises (such as P&G), the majority of enterprises in the moment, just "see the hand is not moved", because of the March advance to College students, most are "ride cow find horse", enterprises have to naturally form a "psychological contract" -- see the hand is not moved, let the candidates themselves first to a round of price war, first nervous, first worn away impetuous atmosphere, in May 3, after people. Some companies simply wait until July, and then to pick up the "low potential shares", because they are not afraid of a good young plant is person, China this mode of education, which the school out of the people are the same. Of course, now is a two-way choice, the students "ride cow find horse" also need an understanding, but, in the enterprise looks, this is the question of integrity, so, the "two-way choice" is a double-edged sword, the students themselves to hold good.
　　How look upon these 5 big bosses temperament? "Aya" CEO Ma, recently in Nanjing to recruit graduates, he first defined in this way: "Chinese University, will only teach knowledge, not to teach people to, is not at all what the elite education. China students, most are about the same, whether it is one's ability and cleverness, or social ability." This shows that the educational background certificate, school background is not the most important (although the majority of this kind of strong enterprises finally chosen was the university student, because they choose a large space). At the same time, Ma Yun also said he didn't like the graduates: "they have no injustice, too impetuous, three ideas a day, a year for three work."
    Ma Yun said, this time he will recruit more graduates, as long as they have enough sureness. "If a young person today and you say he wants to do what, three years later still said that he would do this, and insist on doing, you must give the young people the opportunity."
    However, he also said in the students' opinion, a "mysterious" words: "to give young people the best opportunity is not to give him a chance to."
    Of course, in the 5 big characteristics on the basis of enterprise value, or will some other content, roughly as follows: all kinds of excellent enterprise, heavy personality traits and potential -- including compatibility and enterprise culture.
    The foreign capital enterprise heavy temperament and Education -- including you think controversial "height, the image of" external factors.
    State owned enterprise character and "certificate" -- including whether you are party members and cadres of students.
    Small and medium-sized private enterprises heavy practice first feeling ability -- your practice recording, and give the interviewer may be more important.
    Therefore, the "3600000" to save his second trick, is to find the gap, himself in the 5 traits on the adjustment, then look for other auxiliary advantage, to attack.
    Job, HR?
　　Each interviewer is different, however, must be the same place is: in the face of the candidates, HR in addition to resume contrast and students of their labor price, is in the conscious and unconscious around the "5 characteristics", looking for their first impression - you have to call: each HR is subjective, are their own impression of people, all with their own preferences people -- just said, HR are in their own experience from people. This is the objective reality, called also useless, as "college graduates is not the experience of the" critical point, there is no use. HR is the "impressionism", not like a computer program you choose. In addition to part of the first by the school education background and first round pick of the enterprises, other enterprises, decide whether you enter the second round of the interview, your interviewer is often give the impression and feeling. And among them, steadfast and characteristic of self-confidence, accounted for a big score.
    We take the "confidence" to talk about how HR take their "first impression". We use "compensation" to talk about this problem. Students in response to my "HR voice 1" is mentioned: "you let us self-confidence, I mentioned that 5000, it is not equal to 0? You do not know our helpless! " -- because I am in the "HR sound 1", said the students talking about salary showed no confidence. However, this is a one-sided understanding, I definitely say in it: "in fact, I don't care what you say is 5000, or 1500 (it's own pay system, not the special treat you), I care about is you say a number that tone of voice, eye." Not that high price, is self-confident, said that 800 is not confident. Our company last year with a new employee (fresh), when he came in, the salary is 1800, 3 months after the trial period to and talks, received 3000 yuan, and a project manager, because he made the Excel Inc expect results. Confidence is not a kind of representation, a link, but a kind of temperament, a kind of process.
    In the compensation issues we are most concerned about, HR is how to read? Participation in the second games the graduate recruitment, I and several different companies HR chat. It also said that many many graduates helpless, we present here from state-owned enterprises to foreign private have, different size and nature of the company, but they have a common standard: is the company this year given the budget, not hiring more than 2000 salary of graduates! Here also includes a world 500 strong enterprises (foreign supermarket chains), their budget is for "slightly grade school students, budget wage is 1200 - 1500" -- which means, the next few wheel, graduates will have a tragic "blood price" process.
    Of course, the graduates do not worry about your price is high, basically, they had to agree with my view in the discussion: graduates as individuals, may not clear the overall situation, the workplace so, if we hire is 2000 yuan position, even if the interview 3000, as long as it is for the person of the company, I will inform him / her willing to accept (and indeed good, some companies also have certain degrees, such as a technology jobs, our company also can the highest 2500, special circumstances, HR can have a flexible space 200 yuan. However, we should pay attention to, HR can be the "space" decision is very limited). Not because they are too high, pay no attention to him, to those who have low, also not to press. For we also were students, ask the students to grasp the "degree", is indeed difficult, can not blame them too high or too low. Of course, "range" can not be too high, most managers think, if the company budget 2000, students offer 3500, basic will not consider, because the gap is too big.     So, here to remind you -- of course, I these data, from just 6 of the company's HR, can not represent the overall.
    Of course, you don't too low, although we are 6 people, but each of us also know some other companies and the industry, some positions are not high, such as business representatives, the front desk clerk, in many companies, meet the eye everywhere 800 - 1000, the basic salary, in recent 3 years are so. You don't blame, decide the level of the salary, and not our HR. we should remember, the starting point is not important, the future goal is important. Start does not decide the end, especially on compensation. However, if in the middle of a conversation you show no confidence (not to mention the ability of expression), then, you have no chance, that is, HR decision.
    So, the "3600000" save a third of their own, is around the 5 temperament and your advantage, win the first impression HR (you call this view is of no use, if you are HR, you also, can only be used to fetch your subjective experience).
    Time to have a look, it's 2:33 in the morning, had to OT tonight, to continue my research project "JOB-KEY".
    Because we are about to graduate, told everyone to supplement what ability to save themselves, is not realistic, so, and we can only explore this "recruit axe power". I wish tonight this a few words, can have the wire some help for graduates, this time is well spent. Next week I will continue to write the HR sound 3, 4, 5... If you care to hear it.
    Editor: Yang Lin
