    Jiangxi Nanchang a has been cancelled for 7 years enterprise, now could disposable "recruit" more than 100 of the specialist graduates; communications enterprises in Nanchang another registered capital is 500000 yuan only, can not only one-time recruit hundreds of graduates, but also need not consider professional, recruit dozens of industry and communication without associated agricultural, forestry, water professional graduates......
    The employment situation of these and counter intuitive people questioning. So, who in the hell is opened to prove for these false employment?
    False proof shocking
    Employment Guidance Service Center graduates of universities in Jiangxi province through the discovery of the province in 2004 tens of thousands of graduates' employment of electronic archives query, more than 10 companies unreasonable to absorb a large number of graduates, there is a major suspect manufacturing false employment. These little-known company in Jiangxi, the annual intake of University, college students are in a number of about a hundred or more, Jiangxi has become the "one big", the number of recruit recruit, involving professional wide, make Jiangxi some large enterprises are far behind.
    The reporter query these "popular major" by the Department of industry and Commerce found that some companies have already cancelled years; some don't in the provincial industrial and commercial departments at all levels have registered; some even still in the term of operation, but the registered capital of only several hundred thousand dollars, does not have a year to absorb hundreds of the ability of the graduates. If at the end of 1997 business expiration has cancelled Nanchang Shengda food procurement and supply station, 2004 was "recruited" 119 of the specialist graduates, many students involved in Jiangxi province famous colleges; moreover Nanchang City Translation Office (Nanchang City talent market subordinate unit, now the commerce and industry bureau check without the company) in 2004, received 122 of the specialist graduates; in a name "Nanchang Dongyi Communication Industrial Co. Ltd.", the registered capital of only 500000 yuan of the communication enterprises, in 2004 the graduate receives up to 107, of which three% of graduates from agricultural, forestry, water has a professional.
    Graduates of universities in Jiangxi Province Employment Guidance Service Center Minister of information market introduction Wang Weimin, this will not be the actual employment of graduates "placement" to some and useless people demand for the company or unit, and even provide some non-existent units for graduates "settled", the prevailing in a certain range.
    Behind a false certificate
    In these "employer" stamp agreed to receive graduate employment agreement book, the reporter found a strange phenomenon: "the employer by the superior competent department comments" column unexceptionally dedicated seal cover is all "the flow of talent center". The journalists, Jiangxi province talent market (the flow of talent center) have mastered a number of these designed to recruit graduates false employment company with chapters and long-term use.
    In order to further confirm that the talent market and the false proof, the reporter to the identity of graduates of Nanchang City, development of talent exchange service center and Nanchang City, the talent market in the town, found from the issuing false proof of employment, the talent market to obtain considerable economic benefits. Personnel agency department in the talent market, a staff member said, as long as 240 yuan a year to pay related costs, you can apply for graduates archives receiving procedures, and immediately issued a "receiving fresh college graduates (Graduate) prove that" let reporters back to transfer files. The reporter puts forward the talent market is different from the actual employment units, departments in charge of education may not admit that this is a graduate of informal employment. The staff said the employment agreement book cover the flow of talent center chapter, "the school will be recognized as receiving the employing unit, and many schools and students are so do, the talent market will also implement specific employment unit name."
    Reporter the public identity, a deputy director of the Department of personnel agency put forward his views on "false employment": "I think that college students the actual employment situation is good, the employment rate can reach more than 99%, but many students and employers to sign the contract without. Therefore, to provide some false unit with chapter personnel agency department, just to help these students busy." He is therefore of the opinion that education department statistics method employment pitfalls and unfair, not by whether unit stamped received only as a standard employment or not, it will cause the error of fact of employment and employment statistics.
    The reporter understands, because the country registered permanent residence and personnel policies are different, there is Jiangxi graduates to find work in other provinces after cannot be directly settled in Nanchang, must be affiliated to the talent market to keep the archives, the necessary talent market there are also normal personnel agency. But Wang Weimin thinks, graduate employment statistics method through long-term exploration of multi sector, is a mature scheme can fully reflect the employment situation of college students and the level of. Reporter understanding, Nanchang City talent market every year in recent years new "anchored" graduates about 3000 people. The removal of the normal personnel agency part, wherein the false employment may exist considerable.
    "Threefold" or "bad"?
    On the surface, the talent market to provide false proof by people can be described as "threefold": on the talent market, can to ensure the provision of household registration and linked units name, to attract more graduates to deal with settle formalities, and collect about 200 yuan per year file storage costs to ensure the economic benefits; on the University, as long as the students found linked units, regardless of whether they can really work, can be regarded as the "employment", not only can maintain high employment rate of school social image, but also to gain more enrollment plan; to the graduates, although they did not realize the true meaning of the employment, but will be able to stay in the capital city of residence or center city, do not have move back to their countries of origin, and continue to look for a new job.
    But the Jiangxi Province Education Department think, man-made false high employment rate will seriously affect the central departments, the country and the employment of college graduates in judgment of the situation, the effective allocation and then affect the related policy introduced and mislead the education resources. Only with some speciality in the University as an example, it may produce a large number of unmanned "foot the bill" graduates still unaware of it, so that the input and output a disproportionate share of education even diehard.
    Some of the graduates also think, falsifying employment unit surface looks "threefold", but not really alleviate employment pressure, caused by its direct consequences will is a lot of "affiliated" graduates in the job market and continue to accumulate idle, resulting in greater pressure to the future employment of graduates.
    Editor: Yang Lin
 