    Today in the workplace, work ability and performance of female is definitely not worse than men, not only the qualifications, skills quite, even on the contributions of the work favorably. But even so, can rise to the important position of women is still scanty, most companies, almost all of the same colour executive positions held by men. Most people will this imbalance is attributed to the "men are superior to women in the workplace", but USA scholars pointed out that, in fact, is the traditional "good girl" kind, too observant of conventional standards. very respectful personality, limiting their workplace success. He thinks, for women to rise higher, must be from the "girl" into "daring girl".
    "The individuality characteristic daring girl" has 9 major confrontation with the "girl", have a look which category you belong to?
    Usually, "good girl" personality in the early observation of parent behavior childhood has formed. For example, she saw the first duty of a mother to take care of the family, and her father is involved, but in the help. The girls are told, resist parents command or anger can appear not lovely, etc.. Therefore, in order to become a daring girl, must first from the inveterate psychological victory over self, then can succeed.
    1, clear positioning of women
    Want the job market occupies an important position, it must be very already hold "I want to break some success in the workplace," determination, but not with "one day a prince charming to save my misery" naive. You know, the job market for myself what kind of goals, the results will be how often.
    2, put forward the requirements do not think, your supervisor will be very active paying attention to your needs for your ideas, planning, promotion way for you. In fact, a large number of competent departments, is very difficult to take into consideration the needs of each person's. If you have strong ambitions, the best active let executives know.
    3, to speak for a meeting. You Is it right? Sits at the back or the corner, become the "silent majority"? From now on, sit at the front of significant position, to express their views in a clear, steady voice. Of course, if can be prepared before speaking, structured representations, and having substance in speech, is showing more authority, and from my colleagues highlights.
    4, even if the boss is not required to sell yourself, regularly report to supervisor work schedule. Don't be like the other colleagues that habitually hide boss, should take the initiative and talk to the boss boss, stay positive, positive impression.
    5, learning by doing did not work in the former, also do not flinch, hesitation, thus losing the opportunity to show. Because even if not completely familiar with, or can you learn by doing, even if wrong, also can get valuable experience.
    6, request authorization on on-the-job field, the boss like employees, can be rest assured that authorized "will be", not timid, unable to bear the great soldier. If it can be "active" asked the boss authorized, the next others dare not take work, nature can get more opportunities.
    Editor: Yang Lin 
