    "Display Huacheng recruitment will be" the scene situation, enterprises continue to be sought after graduates, elite schools, grades, cadres become large enterprises, enterprises in the recruitment threshold.
    In November 27th, sponsored by the high school graduates, Guangdong Province guidance center of Yangcheng Evening News "easy" with the job oriented 2006 college graduates "three capital, foreign capital, enterprises" special recruitment will complete in Guangzhou Huacheng exhibition center draw full stop, the recruitment to enterprises more than 300, providing a total of 3000 a plurality of position.
    Enterprises in front of good fun
    A press conference at the scene to see in the recruitment, popular units are mostly distributed in the estate, media, communications, banking and other industries. They all have one thing in common, are large enterprises, enterprises. Almost all crowded in these "trees", even though they are "multi pronged" group interview, but waiting for the team is still a long row of the "lung". In Haier booth, team and even discharge a spectacular "son" word.
    The reporter sees, for big business seekers mostly needs to row two hours of team to a two or three minute interview. In contrast, small business applicants is much easier, they basically is with the whole process of the interview, then a few minutes.
    Many job seekers are directed to large enterprises relative better wages and welfare conditions to. Guangzhou Xiangxue Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. explicitly priced starting salary is 2500 yuan. To come to candidates in biology major students Xiao Wu said, is one of the attractive salary and welfare. Secondly, learn more knowledge in a large enterprise, even if later want to find new job, the price also higher.
    Big companies pay well but the high threshold. "Graduate School", "ranking", "student leaders" have all become large enterprises, enterprises in the recruitment threshold.
    Certificate, certificate of more weight?
    It is reported, many students live their resume to make a thick book, all certificates, certificate copy all the attached resume. In this way, not only the cost of manufacturing the resume increased, and make your resume look like calendar, so thick. To apply for Li Rui's resume of 16 pages, he said: "the basic content of my resume is not much, but a copy of certificate and certificate of ten, I think that with these things, your resume will be more real, more weight."
    In this regard, several recruiters will say there is no need. Guangdong Jinyang Distribution Co. Ltd. HR party manager said, "I'm not looking at the award. First, I think a person won many certificate does not mean that he is very capable, second, as its name implies to resume simple, focused, a thick wad of unnecessary."
    Another recruit who remind, authentic student if you do to the employer to show these certificate to prove your resume, can put these copies into a single, get back in to the interviewer after repeated use.
    Applicants should enterprises understand the situation
    Reporter discovered in the interview process to listen to enterprises and the students, the general recruitment will be asked such a question: "do you know about our company? "Recruitment personnel many units have expressed, candidates for the understanding of the company and not with his intention is strong not strongly related to.
    Prior to this, there are a lot of enterprise personnel manager have talked about, job seekers should be to understand the job of the enterprise before applying, including corporate culture, which is beneficial to the targeted to the job. But several of the students in the field of random interviewed said no to the corporate culture to understand survey.
    In this regard, party manager thinks, of a company have basic understanding is needed, but to the students a detailed understanding of a company's corporate culture, is a little reluctance, because to understand its enterprise culture often require access to the enterprise in order to deeply understand the. He also said: "the recruitment of a fresh graduate, the first is to carry on the culture. Since there is no clear bidding work experience of graduates, it doesn't need him immediately to the company's corporate culture has a deep understanding of."
    Editor: Yang Lin 
