    In 2005 the number of Heilongjiang province for more than college graduates will reach 113000, of which Dr. 2200 people, master graduates nearly 7000 people, more than 6 people, 40000 people of College students. The total number of graduates nearly twenty thousand more than in 2004, most of the calendar year. Employment difficulties of university students is even more prominent. It is a year when candidates, when just go from school out of university graduates in the big and small recruitment, they found, no work experience, gender and family background to build three "the employment threshold", become the graduates employment barriers.
    Held recently at the Harbin northeast talent exchange, is mainly aimed at the 2006 graduate of this year's graduates. Congress although to 410 recruiters, set up nearly 20000 jobs, but clearly marked "most units in the recruitment of the directory to recruit experienced" and other words, which makes these graduates come in high spirits but return disappointed.
    From the English Department of Harbin University graduates Liu Li said, when going to school almost every day class, don't have time to go to work. Most units that college students liquidity is too big, and the working time is not fixed, part-time jobs are generally not used in College students. Fresh graduates, work experience? Meter instrument factory in Harbin marked "recruitment work experience in some recruitment post". The recruitment of Graduates Education said, although is not bad, but because of the lack of practical work experience, belongs to the "novice". This time they to Congress's purpose is to recruit a number of experienced personnel in the community, good as soon as possible for the unit to create benefit.
    "I feel unfair, because I was a girl, many units do not give me the opportunity of obtain employment." Harbin University of Science and Technology English Department, Zhang Ming said. Zhang Ming's professional course achievement is outstanding, or party, organization ability is also enjoy great popularity among the people in the school. But a few job down, didn't she even interview. And with her resume, performance far better than her fellow male students but have a chance for an interview. Zhang Ming felt "convinced", to develop the human resources manager of a business call, the manager said, Zhang Ming's achievements and capabilities are consistent with the corporate hiring conditions, but because Zhang Ming is a girl, work up is not convenient.
    Kazakhstan Polytechnic University School of economics and management, finance professional Fan Xuelian when the candidate has the similar experience. When her resume but were told to "our company recruitment of gender is a certain ratio requirement." "Women do not fit the job". When she put the resumes to an influential in the domestic household electrical appliance enterprises, enterprise recruitment actually said: "I also recognized the equality of men and women, but we don't want the girl."
    Wang Law Department of Northeast Agricultural University to the Development Zone, a law firm job is met "interview" like the interview. After the first round of a written examination, Wang entered the interview. The firm responsible person interviewed separately Wang asked Wang: come to the point, "home Is it right? Omaha? The family were engaged in what work? There is no work in public security department? " When the person in charge that Xiao Wang in the field, relatives and friends also when not in political and legal system work, responsible for rejected wang.
    School of economics and business administration, Heilongjiang University marketing professional students Wang Shuang told reporters, a few days ago to participate in a job fair, she gave a well-known pharmaceutical companies resume. Learned that her home in Omaha, the employer asked her to write all the family's circle of friends, particularly stressed the need to write the work units and positions of his family and relatives. Then she will know, the employer is to know her relatives and friends work help much of her work.
    Facing these new threshold for work, the Harbin municipal human resources market Shuangke long Zhao said: "this is because too many graduates, the supply-demand relationship has changed, employers began to pick up, set the recruitment conditions according to their own ideal target, this virtually increased the difficulty of graduate employment."
    Editor: Yang Lin 
