    As the winter recruitment will be more and more, students job seekers also entered the peak. Yesterday, a college student in the provincial capital to reflect this, she recently suddenly received a phone call themselves "the Public relations company was hired, a monthly salary of 10000 yuan". After she just know, original is his resume was transferred.
    Yesterday, a girl in a certain university Hefei Liu told reporters: in late November 30th 10 many, she received a strange woman on the phone. The woman said, after examination, Liu was "* * Public relations company" hired, a monthly salary of ten thousand, if you are willing to, can go to work recently. Liu asked each other how know his telephone, who knows the woman said, their company has Liu students resume, think Liu condition is pretty good, just hope she can join Public relations company.
    Yesterday, wondering Liu call the "Public relations company", finally understand, the original was being transferred to the "Public relations company in the delivery of a job fairs resume".
    Then, reporters interviewed on the subject of part of the recruiting unit. They both said, throw the job seekers resume is not appropriate. Hefei Human Resources Department of a company week minister told reporters, their company for job seekers to resume delivery, request a leakage zone back to the company, after the selection, hiring will give a clear answer. For not being hired resumes are generally do crushing treatment, will resume littering, no respect for job seekers.
    Anhui University students Zheng Tongxue said, carefully crafted resumes every book to spend a few dollars, the recruitment unit throw or resale of job seekers resume, failed to live up to the trust, feel very happy.
    HeFei University of Technology educational administration department director Zhu reminds say, job seekers in choosing your resume, must be careful, do not have "cast a wide net will have a harvest" mentality, with a purpose of. As the enterprise, treats the student resume serious, respect the choice of students is necessary.
    Editor: Yang Lin 
