    Shanghai Univer mechanical college graduates Xiao Zhang irritated recently, because he often received some insurance company phone, not to sell a "free" financial plan to him, is to ask him to go to the insurance company for an interview appointment. In fact, not only is Xiao Zhang, a lot of sending out resumes graduates have similar experience, they are puzzled: "I have not these companies to resume, they got my personal information from where?"
    The insurance company to buy the resume
    A person engaged in the insurance industry for many years the insurance agent quietly told reporters, graduates of personal data is bought, even some of the recruitment unit to resume the catty two sold by insurance company.
    Originally, the insurance company usually has a huge database, a collection of many people's personal information. The information light depends on the company clerk himself to search is not enough, so the company through a variety of means to get more information for people, a large part of which is to a variety of talent fair acquisition.
    Nowadays it is the employment of university students in the peak period, various types of recruitment will be continuously, a recruitment will end, the employing unit resumes received too many to count, in the selection of their favorite candidate, other candidates information how to deal with? Some units will put these data into the talent pool, and some units will put these materials sold to others. So the insurance company can buy a lot of personal data on prices 1 to 10 yuan each.
    "Can't carry resume mountain"
    That this kind of situation, he felt the graduates, employers hurt job seekers sincerity. While another roommate students are reminded him, don't be blind after your resume.
    Now more and more fierce employment competition, applicants holding the "extensive cultivation" thought, at job fairs around your resume, regardless of whether it is appropriate if a wrong. Some employers seem to have difficulties, a personnel management staff complained to reporters, many job seekers believe that content is all the better, to resume production was gorgeous and long, "a recruitment will end, we received your resume can pile into a man so high, to 'resume mountain' move back very difficult on the spot, the catty to sell is not strange." Some responsible for the recruitment enterprise personnel recommendations, students job seekers should change the customary idea, to focus to suit its own unit.
    On the recruitment unit sold resume practice, in the university has long been engaged in employment guidance teacher Zhu think is very responsible for job seekers recruitment behavior, "filter units resume should be timely to destroy, to prevent leakage." Facing the current recruitment industry status of lack of corresponding operation criterion, Zhu teacher very much regret, he said the school hopes that the recruitment unit to protect the students' privacy idea is just a suggestion, not binding on the recruitment unit. He called on relevant laws and regulations, shall be issued as soon as possible, the effective protection of job seekers, schools and employers the interests of all parties.
    Editor: Yang Lin
