    The 2006 college graduates first job fair, held in Fuzhou International Convention and Exhibition Center 26, last month. 2006 session of the graduates of colleges and universities in our province is expected to reach about 110000 people. I just graduated from the province of undergraduate college students holding a monthly salary how much is appropriate?
    Recently, this reporter visited several enterprises, colleges and universities, hearing is a monthly salary of 800 yuan or even lower wages for graduates with employers, hear the other side of the graduates expected monthly salary in 1500 yuan. How to face up to this reality and expectation gap?
    Interview guests
    Southeast of the talent market deputy general manager He Xibin
    Fuzhou University career guidance center teacher Ye Qing
    Fujian new doone science and technology limited company human resources department Deng Fulong
    Pepsi China Investment Co responsible for Campus Recruitment Manager Hu Zhao
    The 2005 annual Fujian Normal University Social Work Graduates Chen Liang
    School of social history in Fujian Normal University student Xu Jianping
    Beijing University of International Business and Economics School of English graduates of 2006 Han Yi
    Keywords 800 yuan 1500 yuan
    Reporter: immediately to find work, you want how much salary?
    Chen Liang: the probationary period is 1500 yuan, at least 1300 yuan.
    Xu Jianping: graduation to 1500 yuan, after becoming a full member at least two thousand or three thousand.
    Han Yi: if you are working in Beijing, I hope a monthly salary of 3000 yuan, if it is to return to Fuzhou, should be at least 2000 yuan.
    Reporter: so the enterprise can give graduates out how much to pay?
    Hu Zhao: This is not good, everyone's situation is different, generally around 1000 yuan.
    Deng Fulong: want to see what the post probation period, generally 800 - 1300 yuan. In the period of probation probation before and 3 months later to see what position, positive and respective capabilities, general in 1500 yuan, and some lower, some a little higher, more outstanding 2000 yuan, but less this kind of person.
    He Xibin: every industry has its own different situation, some software companies, insurance industry, financial industry, all these characteristics. For example, the insurance industry, the basic salary of 300 yuan to 400 yuan, software enterprise is 1000 yuan, if the development of better, it will be a lot of bonuses; some do sales salary is in 800 yuan - 1000 yuan, the development of the industry has great potential. Also some businesses may reach 2000 yuan.
    Keywords expectation cost of human
    Reporter: why want graduates 1500 yuan salary?
    Chen Liang: graduated to rent a house, to mobile phone fee, and eat, ride, how to also want 1000 multivariate enough ah, or how to live ah?
    Han Yi: read the book so many years, if you take only low degree than some people a little more wages, that is not white read? If so, I will choose to continue their study.
    Reporter: why?
    Han Yi: the biggest problem is your living expenses. If you earn enough money to maintain the cost each month, so what the development of space?
    Reporter: you give yourself out of 1500 yuan salary, think what is your advantage?
    Han Yi: I major in English, you can go to school to work, if you go to the enterprise, the pressure will be relatively large, if the salary can not reach the expected value, or to a good school.
    Chen Liang: I am in the school of social experience is an advantage.
    Xu Jianping: and adaptability and learning ability.
    Reporter: enterprises offer low wages is what reason?
    Deng Fulong: it should be said that the first two years of college students after graduation is the accumulation stage, the previous six months to a year belonging to the training stage, to the need for a process to make achievements. This requires the investment of the enterprise, especially in the training cost this piece, investment funds are the wages of workers 2, 3 times, that is to say if a graduate salary is 1000 yuan, enterprises must put 2000-3000 yuan training to their.
    Hu Zhao: some of the large enterprises, in terms of wages and welfare treatment will have the relevant provisions, has a set of mechanism.
    He Xibin: enterprise on hundreds of yuan, first of all, enterprises do not know the new staff can do what, unable to locate good for it, if there is no interns get high salary, to the old staff is a shock; second, now many university graduates liquidity is too big, a lot of jumping; third, if the enterprise a starting point is too high, step in place, so it is difficult to have room to move.
    So open price, can be the first observation of new employees in probationary period, then adjusting, mainly depends on your ability.
    Keywords occupation potential interest
    Reporter: if the enterprise can't issue how to do high wage?
    Han Yi: if only hundreds of yuan of salary, I don't think I would ever go. Beijing is a very high standard of living, if in Fuzhou, because of the consumption level is not so high, can be relatively lower wages one thousand or two thousand yuan. But in Beijing 3000 yuan is the basic life level, if the culture conditions and good development space, can also be appropriate to reduce, but not less than 2500 yuan.
    Chen Liang: I'll have a look whether the work he liked, if will be considered, otherwise it is considered.
    Xu Jianping: in the youth, the accumulation of knowledge and experience is the most important, if the work is a great space for development, a low income is not the problem.
    Reporter: enterprises for their very want graduates can't issue how to do well paid?
    Hu Zhao: in the face of low wage, graduates should adjust the mentality. I often when interviewing candidates, will ask two questions, one is the candidate what strengths weaknesses, there is a candidate career development is what? Because the choice of career, is very important for a person. Once it's clear, should start from the most basic, most essential to start, even now holding wage is the lowest, but after 10 years may be very high, can create talent. So for the junior staff, should put the salary in the second.
    Keywords basic salary starting salary
    Reporter: now, some people suggested that the government can give different academic levels of university graduates to set minimum wage standards, the talent market have any idea?
    He Xibin: I don't think it proper. How much salary or should be regulated by the market. Because the current domestic not issued some relevant policy, if the guideline prices, so if the enterprise mismanagement, cannot send so many wage, it will lose money, but the government is unable to tube.
    Reporter: can some advice for students?
    He Xibin: for the graduates, first of all should be clear for survival first, first job to accumulate, what is the next two years of the plan, "the concept of employment should be consistent with occupation career. Not because of the enterprise in the first three months probation period to give you just a few hundred dollars go, because this is not the ultimate business pay you." Don't because today with 800 yuan, will feel wronged, for just graduated college students, do not be too concerned about the salary. It should be realized that the opportunity is your biggest gain.
    Reporter: for expectations between graduates and enterprises of the gap, the university should how to coordinate?
    Ye Qing: for the graduates, each situation is different, also have different considerations. If the enterprise out of the salary can't maintain your basic life, will have to reconsider.
    On the basic salary, which is also the starting salary is not equal to you after the salary, but also does not mean you a lifetime value.
    Editor: Yang Lin
