　　Ma Yun, this network of the most prestigious in the world "cattle". He not only led the Alibaba also built Alibaba, Taobao and other famous B2B, C2C commercial network platform, recently, also the successful acquisition of YAHOO china. A new round of the legend, let Alibaba to expand rapidly, the demand for talent is also urgent. Ma Yun said, we are not "digging", not "rob", only "please people". In December, Hangzhou has now cold, Ma Yun appeared in the employment field, lets the scene the soaring temperatures.
    To do well the preparation before the failure of entrepreneurship
    Ma Yun said, the most important is willing to do anything. Of course, the best behind the hardest. The best decisions, is to decide the best things when the best time. Before the start should be ready in mind, 100 people do poineering work, 95 people died, the sounds are heard, even the "ah" sound not heard died, there is grabbed the hill and then fall, only 1 individuals can stagger the past. To venture will experience all kinds of difficulties, so be ready psychologically. Prior to the start-up has not enough ability to play against, anti failure ability, to endure all kinds of injustice and frustration, only to see a bright future, or don't start well.
    Eyes, mind, strength
    Young people first have to have foresight. Ma Yun said, eyes only continuous exercise, can achieve the original. Practice eye to read 10000 books is, to find a good mentor, go the right way, and only the master gathered place to learn good things, to know more than one mountain mountain high. Second, you should have is heart. In Alibaba, we never promised you will promotion, rich, rich, sometimes all depressed, grievances and injustice will have, but there is one point, four years later, your ability to play against a very strong. Your mind is how out of the chain, is wronged hold out. Young man practising is eye, mind and strength. Prime Minister belly, a person must have ambition, must be broad-minded, the ability of Zhou Yu is not better than Zhu Geliang, the result is the mind too bad yourself grieve, Prime Minister hardships, injustice than you, if he go to explain, is no more than a day to do things out one day, to change, there is power, power is failed.
    Think big act small
    One idea must be bigger, and things to start small. So Ma Yun said, when young people just to the community, my advice to them is to enlarge, shrink. To become a great company, must not do any opportunistic, y'all things, open and aboveboard personhood, open and aboveboard to do business, we earn money, the enterprise employees earn money is upright, so that enterprises is a company with contribution to the society..
    Learn to find a space for growth
    I've always thought just graduated people too much trouble, said Ma Yun, think what they don't understand. But now I understand, a not in their personal investment companies, is never have ambition. When a company in desperately digging a rival firm person, not willing to spend money on in their employees money training, so eager for quick success and instant benefits will not be successful. Now Alibaba cash is sufficient, we have billions of dollars of cash, if 2% of the funds invested in the human body, the new people maybe five years after ten years, the creation of corporate value is far more than the 2%. So we don't dig opponents decided on their own talent, talent training. We decided from the beginning of this year the system the recruitment of new graduates, give them a full growth space. We also invited many engineering technology from YAHOO, to the new college graduates do tutor, guiding their future direction. Later this year the graduate recruitment in, I and CTO Wu Jiong will be highly concerned about the couple, also give us a future recruiting college students accumulate experience.
    Ask Ma Yun
    Question: students jump Answer how to do? I am not tied to them, like when married women and men were going to have a lifetime, but the last occurrence of the irresistible things, is helpless. But if the three five college students to work in our company after years, he can believe that the company will give him a very good development space.
    Question: students in the recruitment of what the problem is? Answer: we found the answer questions are identical to recruit some students on campus, as a unified training like. This matter is more complex, we do not need such a person, but need personalized talent.
    Question: Alibaba need what kind of talent? Ma Yun: we hope that a person must first have the ability to learn, followed by the strain ability, there is a dedication to the company. At the same time, our company take the good faith as one of the most important assessment conditions, other knowledge can be learned, but honesty is a quality problem, is the most important.
    Ma Yun witty answer of College Students
    On the positioning of the first you have to understand, you particularly want to do what? Select a dreaming all want to do, this is the most important.
    About honesty I am willing to support those after 5 years of hard times is not willing to give up the young man, for 3 ideas a day, one year for the 5 jobs is not promising.
    The first dream about dream of people is the most pure, just like the first love is the most beautiful like. Forever memories of his first love, this is the most important, but many people walked a crooked.
　　On ability is the ability of people with practical man, the most capable people will be reflected in the work of them.
    I hate those of job hopping and join a rival company, against his old company, if I leave Alibaba, I will never join Alibaba competitors of the company.
　　Editor: Yang Lin 
