    The employment of college students is a fierce war, who all want to graduate in 4 years will be able to immediately translate into personal value. But in the face of such intense employment situation, job seekers as another angle to look for work, to find new employment opportunities and some people now do not pay much attention to popular in. Instead of struggling in a big company, big city, may choose some small and medium-sized city has the development potential and small companies as a starting point for your career.
    Small and medium-sized city unpopular space
    Tianjin.
    Electronic engineer demand
    Tianjin Binhai New Area of investment and development, is the current hot Tianjin Economic development. According to statistics, after 10 years of development and construction of Binhai New Area, the GDP increased from 11200000000 yuan in 1994 to 125000000000 yuan in 2004, cumulative actual utilization of foreign capital of $16400000000, has more than 70 enterprises in the new area of investment in the world 500 strong, has become one of the regions most foreign investment in high return China rate. It is expected that in 2005 the GDP reached 150000000000 yuan.
    Motorola (Chinese) electronic limited company, Mobile Mobile Corporation, Lenovo LG electronic, Siemens (China) Co., Ltd. and other large enterprises, large use of preferential treatment in the recruitment of staff. They to the electronics engineer in great demand. Especially Motorola, have a considerable demand for electronic hardware and software engineer, surveyor, analysts, HR personnel. WAL-MART China Logistics Division for CET-6 or above English level, trade, logistics, transportation and other fields in Tianjin staff.
    Kunshan
    Large companies in the top 100 counties
    National Bureau of Statistics announced in October 22nd the national hundred county, Kunshan county is located in the top of the list. The top 100 counties, Jiangsu accounted for 18, 2 increase over the previous year.
    By just held the Tenth National Games, Nanjing and Jiangsu area has been a high-profile proposed their own development problems. China HP Co. Ltd., Zte Corp, Gaohong data network technology Limited by Share Ltd, Huawei Technology Co. Ltd. (Headquarters), Nanjing LG tontru color display work in search of engineering and technical personnel, the respective needs of software and hardware development engineer, marketing manager, engineer, sales manager and Personnel System Co Ltd. These positions, generally require very familiar to the corresponding field, bachelor degree or above, many jobs require English CET-6 above.
    * related links
    The small and medium-sized enterprise recruitment difficult
    Affected by the national macro economic situation, according to net of China person of outstanding ability statistics show that in October, the private sector and private enterprises is still the main job recruitment, accounted for 53.02%.
    Encouraged by the national policy, the domestic small and medium-sized enterprises in recent years the rapid development momentum, the number of all walks of life is also a great demand of talents. How to recruit talent is bigger problems currently faced by small and medium enterprises, the development of various. In fact, many employers have said the problem of compensation is not, the key is to find suitable talent. This suggests that, for truly knowledgeable people, the small and medium-sized enterprise is willing to give the competitive compensation. Therefore, for the vast number of job seekers, although the government departments, foreign invested enterprises, famous enterprises still is the job of the preferred, but with a powerful army, squeeze a single plank bridge, still be inferior to focus on more ambitious, to need more talent in small and medium sized enterprises to hold a post, said no more can play to their ability to find where the stage.
    Psychological Guide
    Don't be a hot up in it.
    * experts: China Center of psychological education of the teaching department Chen Lan
    If you intend to engage in unpopular industries, or to small and medium-sized cities, the development of the company, should first clear their interest in work, in the industry or find work if indeed they are interested. Unpopular industries, small company, small and medium-sized city income may than in the hot industry, big company, big city to be worse, during the work there may be some among students psychological treatment, should learn to adjust the psychological gap. The network game industry, three years ago or upset, but now it has become a popular; learning machine industry is a hot industry in 1993-1996 years, and now has already disappear from the scene. Employment have some forward-looking, mining the tremendous prospects for the development of the industry is a road to success from the unpopular in.
    Employees of the Heart Sutra
    Here life work is very comfortable
    * leather peak Chengdu company technical testing personnel
    In Chengdu, the more comfortable life, slow pace of life and comfort, as Shenzhen, Shanghai high pressure. In themselves living level is in fact than many big city comfortable. I think, looking for a job is mainly to see what can be learned, to their own development is not good, as far as the region do not consider so much.
    Small company individual reflected greater
    It is little more than a Beijing company technical personnel
    After graduation I came to this company, this is a year before it was founded the company. The reason for choosing this small company, firstly because of very professional counterparts; secondly, the development speed of this company quickly, this industry is promising. But few people there so live, live more tired, wages than in foreign invested enterprises or other large companies to little, I is the lowest line inside the students pay. You really need at this point have a certain psychological endurance. I think to a small company mainly depends on its working environment, and the development prospect; as to the short-term interests of wage that can be put aside temporarily do not consider.
    Editor: Yang Lin
