    The documents and materials of archives as a record of personal experience and so on, play a certificate, the basis and the reference function.
    > > > Hot News student records the mysterious disappearance of 6 Weifang Vocational College graduates in Shandong University of Technology after 3 months, recently prepared to sign the contract with the University, then find their files in the transmission process of the mysterious disappearance...... In accordance with the relevant provisions of the archives is generally not allow individuals to hold. However, in an interview with reporters found that many college graduates have retained their archives. Then, records in the end should put where? > > > workplace weapon no transfer of files the losses caused by the unit to pay what since then, I tried to re find a job, but because no timely transfer files but is defeated comes to an end. In my repeated request...
    The reporter interviewed the relevant person in charge. According to reports, files usually contain relevant materials resume, the school graduates unified distribution send card, probation positive rating assessment materials, rewards and punishment, the party organizations in the work of material forming. The files in the personnel allocation, mobilize, the title declaration, for the old-age insurance, overseas trips under such circumstances will be used. Therefore, very important for individual files.
    As graduates, archives records the various manifestations in the course of the study and all kinds of credentials need related future work. Thus, the . Thus, the file handle is more important. The center responsible person pointed out that as long as the students have the big school graduation certificate, issued by the school employment agreement can be the file on the talent center, the need to pay a monthly management fee of 20 yuan. > > > workplace Weapon School withhold passports, archives, can I appeal? I graduated in 2002, and signed a contract with the Beijing city service work during the period of an institution (no other agreement contract,). One of the provisions of the liquidated damages for 10000/ years, 2500/ years training fees, decreasing year by year...... In addition, the reporter learned that, if the students did not find work, records can be stored for two years at school, for safekeeping by the school. Two years later, I need to search for files stored in charge, or by their work units to take over.
    > > > news related to the employer selling Beijing indicators part of small businesses do not have received college accounts indicators, also do not have the qualifications to keeping student files, causing work to these enterprises graduates cannot transfer the files and account...... In addition, the reporter also understand that in the interview, for some want to defer employment or has not been found students receiving unit, preferably as soon as possible to the talent service center for up and file storage procedures. Because the time is long, these files will be "dead", there will be no use. Recruitment to Sohu forum to talk 
    Editor: Yang Lin
