    Big four graduation just around the corner, I chose to look for work. In the online issue of a lot of resume, not long after, received the interview notice many units, after repeatedly weighed, with their better understanding of the IT industry's advantage, I chose a strong professional technology media.
    Interview that day, under a heavy rain, I spent two hours, turning the car three times, finally arrive at the remote newspaper. The newspaper's beautiful environment, orderly. Job candidates personnel pour in, looking ahead, is full of young full but not anxious, look on the face. The reception of our staff to use eight words to describe the work here: strict, well paid.
    After a while, the personnel department staff to. Check all interview personnel documents, say to everybody: "according to the newspaper provisions, whether it is for what position, must first through the associated with the job of the exam." Then we made to the test, and then left, test time is two hours, unmanned invigilate.
    The papers are all English test questions and technology related. I contact English for science and technology fall is not small, but in the actual operation is generally with the aid of computer dictionary reading, but most of the test today but are some individual words, leave the specific language environment, those who are very familiar with the things puzzled me. Other friends of the test, see next to some speed his pen, some scratching, flush with shame. I know is definitely not passed the exam, while no one noticed, I be defeated and flee from the room, but fortunately the security just let me return the interview documents, just let me be "decent" to escape the newspaper.
    In the waiting, I found one and I also in the interview the same positions in the country stood waiting under the brand. He saw me, very feel shy to say: "do not feel at ordinary times, the exam up only to find that they have these English almost forgotten, do not come out, had to run out."
    I'm embarrassed to answer: "me too!"
    My experience is: the candidates in this era, not learning will be eliminated.
    Editor: Yang Lin
