    At present, it is the university graduates to find a job peak. Shenzhen Special Zone Daily News, in the face of fierce competition, college students have resorted to use all one's skill, offbeat way also emerge as the times require job. Reporter recently found an interview, some popular professional female college students in order to find an ideal job, and some easy job of male college students looking for work to assault fall in love, "borrow a boat to go to sea" the way. This offbeat job mode caused a lot of controversy in the campus, but also highlights the current female college students looking for work hard to embarrassment.
    Looking for a boy "borrow a boat to go to sea"
    Graduating guys notice: we are * * university big four excellent girl, the existing meaning and you do the complementary advantages of resources, so as to achieve win-win objective. If you can help us solve work problems, please send E-MAIL, a volunteer may telephone interview, remuneration may be negotiable. Volunteering: marketing, advertising, public relations, management, we believe that the talent depends on your strength, will shine.
    Recently, similar to the "advertising" appears in some colleges and universities campus network, attracted widespread attention of college students, at the same time also caused a lot of controversy. Some students told reporters, "this is not what happens".
    According to some students said, there are some popular professional female college students in order to find the ideal job in the University, and some easy to find a job in male college students of assault fall in love, or ask the classmates better relationship between the boy to help me find a job.
    Four students of South China University of Technology Li said, university graduation, many people instead of lightning talked about love, one part person is the last bus to catch the "campus love", to their own university life draw a perfect full stop, there is also a part of the "survival by force", especially girls in the pressure, difficult to find a job, find a good condition of the boys "by boat to the sea", in their view, it is a good way out "".
    The people there are different views of love
    "Personally I look down on this kind of behavior", has joined the Jinan University journalism student Kobayashi find work force that looking for work, to rely on their own strength, not to find a job selling his feelings. "It seemed to betray themselves in order to survive, are themselves as a commodity to exchange feelings." Another girl said.
    Reporters found that many students in Colleges and universities, especially the female university student expressed contempt for such practices, and more students for employment pressure of this practice represents tolerance.
    "I don't know why the Employer so don't girls, but we do a lot less opportunity than boys. In recent months, I go in the big and small variety of recruitment, but each time disappointed. Cast countless resumes, no echo is not returned." Looking for a job again and again into the mechanical majors Xiaowen said helplessly.
    In fact, such as small text candidate process experienced gender discrimination of female college students many, many or bright or dark restriction, became blocked in female college students' employment way insurmountable threshold. Xiaowen said, his side also has some female students by the boy for help to find a satisfactory job. Some female students choose to do so, first, you can find a good job; second, perhaps can really meet my ideal partner.
    Reporter in several recent recruitment of Guangzhou meeting of the learned, and now some special talents in engineering units held job fairs have said: single girls job will not be considered. Only in the boys signing employment agreement conditions, can consider to accept a girl the boys "recommended". In the talent market, many employers on the requirement of the position clearly marked as long as men, or men preferred.
    Girls looking for a job difficult problem to highlight
    The university is the emergence of offbeat job ads, LanZhou JiaoTong University students enrollment and employment Director Wei think, this kind of phenomenon is the core problem of female college students is difficult to find a job, many employers on female college students' discrimination, of course there are many science and engineering work for boys do not suit a schoolgirl problem, this is a social phenomenon, can not be ignored.
    "In fact, in the face of increasingly fierce employment competition of university students at present, especially the disadvantage of the female college students should make full mental preparation." Department of Jinan University students Miss Li think, through the higher education of girls should behave more self-reliance, self-reliance in the face of employment, there is no need to take personal development sustenance in others.
    Mr. Li said the analysis, the employment is two-way choice under the market operation, enterprises have their own employment standards for college students, their gender restrictions no ground for blame, in the face of this situation, only university students to improve their own quality is the key to solve the problem. Teacher Li called for, the government should create better conditions for the employment of university students, college students are also expected to expand the employment space, enterprises have a better employing system, standard and environment, more fair to the introduction of talent.
    In the interview, some experts said, enterprises are enterprises to select talent reasons, some work is indeed more suitable for men engaged in. In fact, this phenomenon has exposed a contradiction between supply and demand in the employment. In the original design of University admittance threshold, the equality of the sexes, and now in the enterprise access threshold, is because men and women physiological difference inequality, this will inevitably lead to excess female college students' employment.
    Editor: Yang Lin
