    Yesterday morning, the reporter saw a scene will attract sb.'s attention in recruitment, hundreds of students in the line up the toilet, because only 6 mobile toilets, the students can only in the cold bitterness etc..
    Employers recruit graduate probation 1500 yuan graduate shouted than cleaner
    Yesterday, the 2006 session of the study oriented large-scale recruitment of students will be held at the Zhongshan University, a total of nearly 300 enterprises to participate in, to provide more than 4000 jobs, attracting 12000 students study all over the country to come to visit, university teachers become graduate competing "darling". It is understood, graduate of salary expectations, generally at 3500 yuan to 5000 yuan between, most employers will be able to accept, but there are also units do not buy it, a medical center opened a probation 1500 yuan monthly salary, some medical master left, saying that "don't we have such as cleaners!"
    Million graduate cold wind in
    As Guangdong Province only a graduate comprehensive field, yesterday's job fair attracted 12000 graduate students to come to visit, and many of them come from the northeast, Xi'an and other well-known colleges and universities students. Zhongshan University has more than 4000 graduate admission, Guangdong province accounted for 40% of the total number of graduate students. Because the weather is too cold, many students shivering in the cold wind, it is because some recruitment unit can not withstand wind, stay at noon and early return field.
    The entry of university has become "xiangbobo"
    Yesterday's job fair, attracted including large, Jinan University, China Normal University to come to so many "imported", nearly 300 enterprises, scientific research institutes, University Hospital accounted for 1/3, enterprises are more than 1/3, otherwise 1/3 for the institutions, but graduate students generally in favor of more colleges and universities, yesterday, all the long queues the employer, looked carefully, green color of the collection in University booth.
    Zhongshan University Chen classmate told reporters, her goal has been more clearly, is to enter the school especially the University, because the lowest threshold a few years this study generated into University, so Chen also says frankly, one of the reasons he had chosen to go to graduate school is to be able to enter the university. Little Zhang Ye put into the South China Agricultural University College as their first choice, she told reporters, the selection of colleges and universities is because the stability of colleges and universities, the pressure is small, and high wages. Compared to many enterprises, colleges and universities recruitment conditions are relatively high, and even many post calling for dr..
    And in addition to colleges and universities, many graduate students to the area expected value is also higher, some students said the area even more important than salary. The big Xiao Zheng told reporters, area for him is preferred, and his expectations of the area is the Guangzhou or Shenzhen.
    The recruitment of students school focus master only 1500 are uncomfortable
    "Hard to read the book for 8 years, the cost of investment of nearly 100000, but in the end to face the cruel reality......" Yesterday, in the face of the reporter's interview, Zhongshan University School of Medicine Department of gynaecology and obstetrics of master degree graduates Xiao Su said full stomach stoop. The original in yesterday's recruitment meeting, a medical unit hit graduate probation 1500 yuan salary "employment instructions", to her and his companions were really difficult to accept.
    Master of medicine of only 1500 yuan a month
    In the little Sioux under the guidance, the reporters came to the home of medical prevention centre stalls, is expected to see such a description: "undergraduate, postgraduate, doctoral students probationary period will be 1500 yuan / month; second years of undergraduate students, 2500 yuan, 2800 yuan of doctoral postgraduates, 3000 yuan / month to third years;, master's salary can be up to 3300 yuan, the doctoral salary is only 3600 yuan / month."
    The cost of up to 100000 yuan
    This "wage specification", many of the students to apply for "surprise", "college students to more than 50 yuan, the economic benefits of good units even cleaner salary is 1000 yuan, do we return not equal to a cleaner?" There were many discussions. Many graduate study.
    Sue and her classmates told reporters, they are all of the Zhongshan University School of Medicine Master degree graduates of 2006, each master from undergraduate to learn at least 8 years, 8 years, nearly 100000 of the cost of investment in learning! "Now a lot of large hospitals are doing 'in hospital physician training system', hiring, do not give a formal treatment, but with training in hospital identity work, three years later, according to the working situation and then decide the fate. Low pay is terrible, master degree, only 1500 ~ 2000 yuan, so the cost of employing too low."
    Units that low wage competition mechanism is the
    For small Su graduate doubts, the reporter interviewed specially for Guangzhou's popular medical unit, the relevant responsible person has a different view, "just graduated students, not after the test of practice to some extent, it is difficult to achieve the doctor should have the quality and requirements. Previous medical graduates move in, the hospital will give the formal establishment, it may be the result, many students hold 'eat imperial grain' attitude, nothing! Now the implementation of the 'three years of specialized training in' system, is to increase the talent competition, and constantly improve the quality of physicians, through three years of work decided to test employees, not leave, good left to sign a formal contract, employee once formal employment, salary is in heaven and earth than the training period, pulls out a times the above. It can be said to owe this three years together with the back!"
    Graduate students expected monthly salary 3500 yuan
    The reporter investigates discovery subsequently, this year the graduate common salary goal is 3500 ~ 5000 yuan / month, relatively speaking, for the arts students is slightly lower than the science students, for the target students, Zhongshan University Employment Guidance Center Director Li said "is very reasonable!"
    He thinks, the graduate student read the book for so many years, after all, there is a cost, the salary requirement is not too much, the employer should reasonably acceptable.
    Editor: Yang Lin
