    Annual 11, December is the first period of fresh university graduates have started to search for jobs, nearly 3 years later in November, also in Jilin province talent supply and demand in the booming market peak. But even if the job will be done again success rate can reach 30%, the intention has been quite good, this means that another 70% job seekers need again. Reporter recently in college job fairs and in Jilin Province, the talent market in Changchun held a recruitment meeting learned that the reason why there are so many people can not find suitable jobs, mainly among the graduating students and the employing units exist in the structure of supply and demand contradiction.
    Reporters saw this situation in several job fairs, many arts students hand resume but do not cast out. "Not suitable for the requirements of the" professional "experience" has become the students' employment many barriers. In this regard, a teacher at the Jilin University said, undergraduate employment difficult problem of national education structure -- reflects contempt technicians emphasis degree education. This educational structure is the most direct result is that a large number of skilled workers shortage of talent education and excess.
    The teacher said, had seen such a report: an undergraduate graduate with the employment pressure, and had to re select to vocational and technical school, re employment. "To a technical school to learn to undergraduate students after graduation, is not only a waste of educational resources, more school specialized establishment and the market demand is not complete. In the future, college graduates should not be too much of a professor of theoretical, but pay attention to the cultivation of practice ability".
    "Professional run, market the final say", this is a reporter in the Changchun Vocational Institute of Technology to hear a word. At present, the school some key professional employment rate for many years to reach 100%. The school employment Gou director said, in addition to professional settings to meet the market demand, the students' employment mentality is the reason of high employment rate. Vocational and technical training of operating, technical production team, grass-roots workers. Many graduates are not high requirements for salaries and conditions of enterprises, the internship period can give to 450 yuan to 600 yuan, and that of undergraduate difficult to accept.
    Jilin province talent service association secretary general Li Kehe said in an interview with reporters, requirements for job seekers to post conditions employers often exceeds the limit set of professional talent training. Both went into the market often asymmetrical, this asymmetry only in the ability to find butt chain. Applicants before entering the market, ability training should be integrated ability is more important than achievement to pursue and discipline professional outside, the employing units to enter the market not to the threshold set too high.
    Jilin Province personnel department director Wu Wenchang also said that at present, colleges and universities of professional settings and the employer the existence of demand structure unreasonable, resolve this discrepancy, colleges and universities should adjust certain disciplines set according to the needs of society, students also need to change the concept, from the past for the stable to organ work concept gradually to do poineering work independently private enterprises, to work transition.
    Editor: Yang Lin 
