    November 20th is the Ministry of education granted to the first day into the University by the employer, in 2006 the university graduates employment also officially opened the curtain. It is understood, in 2006 the country is expected to have 3500000 university students and 4000000 "their" graduation, compared with 2800000 in 2004 and 3380000 in 2005, the number of graduates employment pressure continued to increase unabated. As winter first snow land, with many competitors to Fengqiang a now popular posts, not cool to consider what do what, starting from cold industry has great development potential, pioneering the cause of space belongs to you.
    Popular industry recommended
    Popular industry advantage: 1 because a lot of people are rushing into the hot industry crowded, so unpopular industries for fewer competitors; after 2 to enter the industry, the future development potential, few restrictions, after the road will be wider.
    * industry
    Bar code technology
    Bar code and our lives, vigorously promote China after more than ten years, the bar code has been widely used in industry and commerce, publishing, medical and health, logistics, finance and insurance and service industries. At present in the Chinese application using the barcode for commodity enterprises more than one hundred thousand, the use of bar code identification of goods more than 1000000, the member of the system development speed in the world first, member number after the USA, Japan, third in the world.
    Development trend: according to the survey data of twenty-first Century Chinese electronic business school to display, in China in the next 3 to 5 years, the number of bar code system members will reach more than 15 enterprise, the country will be the needs of 300000 people. With the wide application of bar code technology, all kinds of enterprises and bar code technology company's talent demand is estimated at more than 3000000 people. China is in urgent need of a large number of related knowledge and skills.
    * industry
    Environmental protection
    Market of environmental protection is one of the four major markets of world economy, environmental protection and trade has also entered the top ten world trade within the field of.
    Development trend: according to some estimates, in 2010 the domestic market of environmental protection industry scale reached 500000000000 yuan. Some famous international enterprises China is a huge potential market of environmental protection, environmental protection Chinese recent need employees 10000000 people.
    Employment skills
    In addition to the relevant professional bachelor and above degree in this field, but also engaged in technical work and management work. The personage inside course of study shows, the current domestic lack of unique ideas in the field of environmental protection advisory professionals, and with participation in the integrated decision-making ability and business experience, and provide consultation for the user to understand the overall level and the market development trend of environmental protection industry talent.
    * industry
    Software outsourcing
    In our country, the software outsourcing is emerged in recent years. Software outsourcing is the enterprise in order to focus on the core competitiveness of the business and reduce software project cost, part or all of the work in software project awarded to the software requirements activities to provide outsourcing services enterprises completed.
    Development trends: the next 3 to 5 years time, will be a period of rapid development of China's software outsourcing industry.
    Employment skills
    The first is an ability to communicate, requirements must have basic English communication ability; master degree of technology depends on technology, for industries and enterprises recognized, quick thinking and relative stability. In addition, write to master basic business etiquette and business documents. The industry for the comprehensive capacity of people compare the value.
    Employment skills
    The general need to obtain logistics related professional undergraduate and above, and obtain the China barcode technology training certificate.
    * industry
    Housekeeping service
    Housekeeping service although is an old industry, but few are willing to get involved in the University graduates. However, with the development of society and economy, people require for housekeeping attendant is also more and more high. Senior housekeeping attendant salary is substantial.
    Development trends: the concept of domestic service has slowly from the past simple manual labor development to scientifically arrange housework, specification of hospitality, familiar with nutrition nursing knowledge and other senior service. Senior clerk of homemaking demand will be further expanded, will the level raising, status will be rising, a considerable part of domestic service personnel will also enter the white-collar ranks.
    Employment skills
    Understand a foreign language, can drive, computer, good financial management and the training of operating various types of household appliances senior domestic service will become the new favorites to obtain the workplace, workplace salary does not poor.
    Small test
    You whether they are suitable for unpopular industries
    Experts: Beijing Dragon Consulting Co. Ltd. chief occupation consultant Zhang Libo Saturday, you planned to participate in a successful entrepreneur training seminars, but to this day, there is a rich business friends in the restaurant before the banquet table dinner a bunch of students, it is said that give students send a gift. But to this day, and have a few friends invite you to join the autumn harvest, fees aa. How do you choose?
    (1) planned to attend the successful entrepreneur training seminars;
    (2) the banquet accept rich friends, you can also get a gift;
    (3) go for an outing with friends.
    Analysis: this problem is to test a person is the value of long-term or short-term interests interests. The picnic is purely recreational behavior, not only no benefits but also spend a lot of money AA; rich friends entertain themselves, themselves not just can eat a big meal, but also can get the gift, the more affordable and cost-effective than outing; participate in successful entrepreneur training lectures, is likely to spend the money, but that the future of their own career help. Therefore, the choice of (1) people, is not subject to short-term interests temptation, to value the long-term development, the character of the people engaged in the industry of an unexpected winner once chosen, he will have a prospective view of the future development trend of this industry, suitable for unpopular industries.
    Employees of the Heart Sutra
    After the first bitter sweet is cold industry
    Project management - Huang Shukai Shandong click energy technology company responsible person
    In 2000 I joined the environmental protection and energy saving in this line.
    This line for the technical requirements of the higher, our company a start doing this line, only 2 kinds of products, very difficult. My work is also the obstacles when it feels as though is not to see what the dawn. But up to now, we have 30 provinces and cities in the country to sell our products. Present environmental industry market is still very good.
    So energy this line the biggest difficulty is that many people there is no domestic energy saving means enough, but the advantage is that a line of competitors is relatively much less, can really develop quality products manufacturers is relatively less in the domestic, the country now can really achieve the production, development, sales as one of the manufacturers is one of the few. I think the industry in the future there will be more room for development, now the demand for talent is relatively large. One of the most important is that you can stick to it.
    The early cold industry competition less
    The chairman - Yang Mingjun Youfu Automobile Company
    After graduation from University, I worked in many industries in the work, I began to contact the car beauty industry for more than 10 years ago, a deep feeling of this line.
    Started out, relatively closed domestic market, when the concept of "automotive beauty" are not even. At first I do is work of marketing, then the key is to spend a great cost to the introduction of advanced technology, and then to vigorously publicity, dissemination of these technologies and concepts. I was on this industry especially have confidence, I have one year of the start of the 33 stores, intuitive feeling is this line will be very popular.
    Initially this industry better dry, then fewer competitors, product less, profit space is large, compared to earn money. Now, although the industry is hot, but instead of bad money, market competition is intense, profit decreases.
    Editor: Yang Lin
 