    6 Weifang Vocational College graduates in Shandong University of Technology after 3 months, recently prepared to sign the contract with the University, then find their files in the transmission process of the mysterious disappearance. To the relevant departments repeatedly search, still do not do not know where the files to.
    According to the Shandong University of Technology Department of logistics management of campus management center of Teacher Liu introduction, in July this year, 6 students graduated from Weifang Vocational College came to the Campus Management Center internship, internship for 3 months, and now the school is going to sign labor contracts with their school, but how also can not find the 6 students file. "No files, the school will not be able to sign the contract with the students." Liu said, now the students worried, all to the relevant departments to ask archives things every day, can be a period of time, without any result.
    Of the 6 students Zhang Qian, Sun Li told the reporters, they return to the Weifang Vocational College archives especially yesterday asked the matter, enrollment and employment office staff told them, the file has been sent, and the receiving unit has signed. Two people came back through the post office to check a domestic express mail details single copy. The reporter sees send a copy of the unit is Weifang Vocational College enrollment and employment, receiving unit of the Zhangdian District of Zibo City Personnel Bureau graduates distribution office. Date for this year in July 18th, the date of receipt for the July 19th 9:00. The reporter notices, the details of a single lower right corner with a "CPC Zhangdian Committee transceiver chapter".
    Zhang Qian and Sun Li told the reporters, they asked the district to Zhangdian government affairs center on the first floor of the mail room, staff said no their archives, also do not have the relevant records in July 19th. The staff said, the letter sent, are receiving not stamped signature.
    15:30 Xu, journalists and Zhang Qian, Sun Li came to the Zhangdian district government center on the first floor on the west side of the mail room, but not in the mailroom staff. District Bureau of canal of office staff said, all units have the letters upstairs and other items sent, are unified by the mail room transceiver. Subsequently, the staff called staff mail room telephone, said staff did not know the file things.
    The reporter also with Zhang Qian, Sun Li came to the Personnel Bureau of Zhangdian district government center 10 floor. A staff member said, to the first floor of the mail room to receive the student records and other items were for the signature of the person in need, but through the query, no one in July 19th for this kind of goods, they haven't seen these students archives. If the student file is missing, you need to re submit to the original school.
    Reporter then went to the Zibo Post Bureau of city business department, responsible person to reporters dug for domestic EMS single original details, the reporter saw the details of a single lower left corner clearly marked with "this is the student records do not vote for the lodge". Responsible person told the reporter, she asked the postman, sent to the Zhangdian district government center on the first floor of the mail room, mail room staff to receive mail, cover the chapter, the postman will retrieve details single. The responsible person to reporters to see the details in July 21st this year, 22 days two days from government center on the first floor the mail room to retrieve a single, upper cover is the same one chapter.
    Editor: Yang Lin
