    On November 17th, vice director of the embedded system, Software Industry Association Branch Chinese instant Research Group CEO Wang Kaihuang said in an interview with reporters, engaged in the development of Linux company and too little talent, has become a bottleneck restricting the development of domestic Linux.
    According to Mr. Wang, five years 2005-2009 years, China's Linux software market will rate increase at a compounded annual growth rate of 43.1%, the demand will exceed 1200000. In order to deal with this situation, instant research group will further increase in the Linux training investment and efforts. In early 2003, when the research group and the Ministry of information industry, the Chinese Peking University and other official and semi official institutions and universities cooperate, China has trained a large number of outstanding Linux network engineers, software engineer, system engineer and embedded development engineers. This year, the instant research group through cooperation with the China Software Industry Association Branch of embedded system, jointly launched two letter of embedded Linux system "million training project", jointly formulate personnel embedded system of professional training standard. As an "information" and "good faith education service" as the core concept of the standard of professional training programs, the main target group includes not only the embedded system developers in that meet certain conditions of the students and social personnel can also be involved.
    For the training of Engineering why positioning in the embedded Linux system, Mr. Wang said, the embedded system in the domestic many areas have played a big role, with the characteristics of open source code, but also greatly accelerated the development of China's independent intellectual property rights. However, on the current situation of our country, the level of technology to the embedded Linux system is not balanced, especially the industrial chain before the lack of communication and interaction with each other, have not formed a good cooperation mode. To change this situation, first of all is to cultivate talent shortage of key technology of embedded Linux system development of a large number of the industry.
    In addition, Mr. Wang also introduced some timely research group. As the first to Linux as the core business of listing Corporation in China, group has been committed to the Linux platform and Internet application software research and development and promotion of business, has launched the Linux multimedia desktop and server operating system, universal office suites, anti-virus software, firewall, network drive motor series products and solutions
