    Reader Liu Xiaojie wrote: I served as art editor at a magazine for 3 years already, at work I am always very polite, humility, editor's request, regardless of right or wrong I always said: "for! I take your point. The results we have given me a nickname: "I listen to you". But now the magazine facing the reform, in order to improve the efficiency, the editor in chief asked everyone to be able to work independently to mention many good ideas. Then I found that I have used other people to help get the idea, and the lack of ideas, I feel a lot of pressure, be afraid of lose jobs. Ask the experts what should I do?
    Experts answer: to change the status quo, first of all to from the thought fully aware of their shortcomings. "Do not fear, afraid to think", to establish confidence, eliminate the negative thought pressure, believe in yourself. "Do not know can do", so the most important thing now is that everything must first have their own opinion, of course, this does not rule out to listen to the opinions of others. The beginning of some are not accustomed to, but as long as you have the determination, repeatedly reminding yourself, you will get used to it. "Success is a habit of" the meaning of this sentence is to say, the society those successful people can succeed and not them and people generally have much difference in ability and intelligence, and is often because they have such as assertive, persistent and serious, confident and other good habits, these habits play in particular, an important role in their career success, a good work is not used to you are very difficult to succeed.
    Work with good bosses who picked me in a dilemma!
    Readers Miss Gao wrote: two months ago, I applied for a home and professional counterparts of the company, I have learned an interview, Mister only recruit sales staff, I refuse. A few days later, the boss call, still want to hire me to do sales, although I do not want to do, but I was touched by his sincerity, he thought might as well from the salesman always start, the development of space. I'm almost positive, but I still want to leave. The boss always trusted, to me during this period, two or three companies have hired me, salary is four or five times the salary of the company now, I also told the boss said to want to quit, but were executives retain. It's not easy to find a good boss, but find a salary satisfaction, professing work more not easy, company executives have said I will not give adjustment to work, the only possible on this post promotion. Ask the experts, how should I choose?
    Experts answer: first of all, sure you personal quality is very good, in the choice of occupation is not only consider their own interests, but also consider the feelings of others. Sometimes the immediate interests may be less, but if the development prospect now the unit is good, and your future boss reuse, maybe have a greater opportunity to use dialectical and long-term perspective. But from your personal career development point of view, you have to think of yourself to choose a career motivation is what, choosing a career to consider in many ways, a good boss is very important, career opportunities, but also to see the unit offer the prospect of, their interest, income from work and remuneration etc.. If you have a relatively long-term career development goals, so the choice of career will be targeted, should be in compliance with the development direction of your career as a standard, if your career now is not interested, also do not accord with their long-term career plan, you should put your ideas and the boss to talk it out, full communication and I think you will make the right choice.
    Every time I do not know what I can do
    Readers of a letter from Mr. Li said: I was a junior high school graduates, worked for two years, then studied graphic design, can learn after also didn't find suitable work, the current delivery in Beijing. I don't know for what his job, job fairs company requirements are too high, not require a college degree or above, is to have the related work experience. A friend introduced me to do gaming promoters in the cafe, I didn't go. But send express, found himself more like the work, I do not know how to do good. Ask an expert to help me.
    Experts answer: first of all, your age is still small, if a person to determine the professional development goals and direction of his life sooner, the greater the chance for career success, so you can imagine combining the interest to your long-term career goals. In addition, in the present stage, taking into account the livelihood and employment situation and other factors, the short term can also be engaged and interested in your career is not fully consistent, but also can not stop themselves like industry knowledge, such as the future conditions are ripe, or should it toward their career goals. At the same time any occupational spirit of human requirements is roughly consistent, so you can develop their own serious, responsible, motivated and good professional spirit in the present work, on one hand to have a long-term career goal planning, on the other hand according to their own conditions in the present employment situation and employment choice.
    Editor: Yang Lin
