    Yesterday, the Zhejiang Province personnel departments in Rainbow Hotel held a high-level talent fair, Zhejiang province launched 3220 jobs, in particular, these jobs with high diploma, high position, high pay "three high" characteristics, graduate education the basic requirements in the graduate, yearly salary is in 100000 yuan of above. Some civil servants position registering for examination of the Zhejiang provincial Party committee and other government agencies, can also enjoy the province's preferential treatment of civil servants do not participate in the examination. Faced with this opportunity, you tempted? What is your reason?
    Want to fight a
    Senior Manager - Paul44 years IT
    Five years ago, I actively respond to the western region of national development of the call, to the depths of the forest Sichuan a wood processing group for two years. Strong demand for local simple folk customs, professional and technical personnel of the deeply attracted me the returned "wandering". When the young "turtle" some day "enormously proud of one's success also lost in the sea to be" confusion, at the foot of Mount Emei of the entrepreneurial impulse in my occupation career has opened a new page. Often in the project approval by the party, I'm holding the celebration of wine, total unspeakable sense of satisfaction.
    Next year I will step into the 45 year old "old age" threshold, this in a IT occupation managers, occupation career will face "bottleneck". See the Zhejiang Province Shanghai "three high" talent recruitment news, my heart a hot, want to go out to fight once thought prevailed. Hurriedly returned home to discuss with his wife, now his daughter grew up, my "occupation map" can not be confined to home in Shanghai.
    So, yesterday morning with a wife and daughter go to Rainbow Hotel to see what. Qiao said to have, people really have a good sign, there are two units immediately to my professional background took a keen interest in the next two weeks, agreed to talk more. I must seize this rare opportunity, perhaps next year will be our home for Christmas in the West Lake, think this also is to let a person look forward to good!
    "Three highs and prudent" position facing
    - 25 years old little golden master
    Recently has been watching the recruitment information, Zhejiang high-level talent fair is undoubtedly one of the most exciting news. Several days ago, I heard people talking about. This is to give themselves a chance.
    In fact, for this opportunity you are still relatively cautious. Why do you say that? First, look "low" threshold, only one requirement: Master (with) above, it seems that we are all in this range. But Dr. master Shanghai graduating this year, far more than tens of thousands of people, conform in all respects with the other requirements of the less. But negotiations will take is face to face negotiation way selection, not a round written interview backing, there is on the spot inspection doesn't pass, poor mental qualities, face a play not good will lose the opportunity. Anyway, people lined up behind is more, completely is the recruitment unit in buyer's market. Prepare in advance is even more indispensable, don't think a master often can get the favour of each other. Second, the other forthrightly puts a high price, is to live up to those salary talent. Generally start at present graduates salary is not very high in the circumstances, they shouted price tag will undoubtedly let us in the face just before the heart beat her, I really worth the price. In this way, not the employer or so picky, lack of confidence among us a number of people will take the initiative to withdraw from the competition. So, the meeting is more those who have a well-thought-out plan, each of us will face more and more pressure of competition.
    The sky can not fall pie, get the pie, you must have attractions.
    Why far away
    Li Ming 37 year old staff
    The one hundred thousand annual salary of course not less, however, factors determining the employment is not only the salary. Shanghai is my hometown, was born at, I spent ten years time already in Shanghai, marry and settle down, here are my parents, my friends, family and friendship is hard to give up, why want to go abroad? Here is my pursue my career,, why to change policy?
    In short, Shanghai provides a good platform for my life and work, I am very satisfied, very well; I have been young when just entered the social battles created a situation when, if there is no setbacks and major events, I am not for an annual salary of one hundred thousand yuan and flee from Xiang, away from their loved ones give up the existing, development opportunities, to the field of re employment.
    I want to "play back"
    - Philip27 years staff
    I first heard the news, because the very tempting "100000" can not help but excited a lot, very interested to search a recruitment network in Zhejiang province. I had a browse through the Zhejiang province to position, find the most is the university teachers and administrative staff, some enterprises are not very famous, like my initial hope like UT Sidakang, Alibaba and other well-known large enterprises are not in the list, but a bit disappointed.
    My hometown is in Hangzhou, chose to stay in Shanghai work when I graduate, nearly two years down, I found those who chose to return to his hometown to work one day lead than I nourish. Although on the surface they get paid and I almost, but where the consumption level is lower than Shanghai, and not Shanghai so congested traffic during the rush hours, you can work a few years to buy a house. The original think development opportunities in Shanghai is relatively large, prefer to do the "phoenix", work for a long time, think if there is a chance to do "beheaded" likely will be greater room for development. Those back home by the reuse of my classmates, now rising faster than me.
    I analysis, "beat back" of the plan now, after all, there are their own circle, contacts, home of some famous enterprises in recent years has developed very fast. Of course, this also needs to have the opportunity to cooperate. To my character, is not very suitable for work in universities, are not fit to be a civil servant. I hope there will be more large-scale enterprises in Zhejiang province to come to Shanghai to negotiate, to different types of talents a chance.
    Parents did not agree
    - 22 year old Miss Ma University Undergraduates
    The school is not the Shanghai where I first-class university, so this year from work to find some lack of confidence, in accordance with the teacher said the next thing all depends on your own ability to survive.
    This year, although each big company's recruitment has just begun, but the surrounding atmosphere has very strong competition. I heard a few run many times the recruitment students said, this year the recruitment company that they fill in the expected salary, they can't fill in more than 2000 figures, but even this can get an interview the students are still not much, can get big company offer who now me only one. Under this atmosphere, I obviously feel a lot of pressure. Shanghai competition pressure is too large, according to my personality, I like in that competition less intense second tier city, there is a little more than subsistence income. I quite like the southern city of Zhejiang, I went to travel, where trees kiosk, fresh air, walking in the street, people seem very happy, if you have the opportunity to work in that city, I really want to try.
    However, parents always think to stay in Shanghai and their families together is the first choice, it is not just consider around Shanghai city. According to their plans, immediately to the postgraduate exam, they hope I can obtain a famous university in Shanghai, and then concentrate on looking for a job. Although we do not like the idea, but also has its reason they thought. You see, the recruitment will give graduate students more favorable treatment, education and school or job two pieces of astepping-stone to success on the road can not be less. I think I will for the time being in accordance with the arrangements for parents to concentrate on one's deceased father grind.
    Zhejiang is a new ideal
    - 28 years old Dr. Xiao Hu
    Without a doubt, the most desirable city graduates outside Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou and other big city, where the employment environment, the development of space, have more opportunities.
    However, recently left behind the idea of Shanghai seemed to have changed, particularly as we read the professional field of doctor, the counterpart of the universities and research institutions in places basically run out, want to develop, must try to find another way out, leaving Shanghai to go to other city method is a lot of people used. Two years ago, several elder sister after graduation went to another university, Dalian, Xiamen, Ningbo, the living environment and living conditions than Shanghai is not bad at all. But also because of the introduction of talent, they suddenly get a pen angufei and the scientific research expenses. Compared to stay in the city, still waiting for some senior schools to solve the couple room, their any menace from the "rear" small, entrepreneurial passion is also thicker. Classmate party, some graduates go to the field on a few have is the school where the young backbone, and the school for their very seriously, look a development well. Their example, we give a great influence on the graduate people. I had almost decided, saw an opportunity to the field to find their suitable undertaking.
    I am more optimistic about the province's Zhejiang. Have a look these years of enterprise and the rich list, the list can be found, many men have come from Zhejiang, visible, Zhejiang is a "Crouching.Tiger,Hidden.Dragon", I also very much to have the confidence to try his hand at a. Besides, Zhejiang has introduced talents, which shows the thirst after talents attitude, surely this opportunity not bad.
    I did not look at the top of the mountain
    A 28 year old company procurement - harmonic
    People all say Shanghai many opportunities, suitable for aggressive young man, so after graduate school, I went to Shanghai to travel from home. Science and engineering from me so far in a small company when purchasing, sales downturn now, I often ran out of talent market and all kinds of recruitment, to find a way out for themselves. To find a job with my current qualifications and experience is not what problem, can be the key is to find a more satisfied oneself, also is suitable for occupation development work in the future, it will be very difficult. I saw recently, Zhejiang Shanghai hold talent fair, launch positions are quite attractive, can not help but also Heartbeat unceasingly.
    The region is not a problem for me, I am more important is the work itself and the development of space. Although has been in Shanghai for more than two years, developed a certain affection, also not easy to implement the Shanghai account, but if Zhejiang has better prospects for development position I would put one's foot down to give up everything now. I did not look at the top of the mountain, is currently in Shanghai for my own future was not sure really, around the elite gathered in Shanghai, fierce competition is self-evident. Another important reason is, in my current income to buy a house to settle down in Shanghai, it is too far away to read thought. If we can find a more suitable position in Zhejiang Province, so magnificent project to live and work in peace will finish faster, after all, the total can not and his girlfriend in a rented cottage spending the rest of my life.
    Editor: Yang Lin
