    In November 13th, Hankou Ms. Chen entered the psychologist national qualification examination, examination and join her and from the province more than 800 students. According to the Hubei province occupation skill identification center statistics, the implementation of "from the 2004 April national unified examination psychologist occupation" since, our province has nearly 4000 people pass the exam, obtain the psychologist occupation qualification certificate. So many people to participate in the examination, and what is the hot behind?
    Contrast: two days of hot and cold
    "More and more people sign up!" Wuhan University psychologist Training Center Deputy Director Lu Jian told reporters that the center from 2002 since October, has run 10 period, training of students more than 3000 people. At present, the ongoing phase eleventh admissions.
    In 2004, the state enacted regulations, future counselors need to go through the occupation training and examination of specialized, won the national unity "occupation qualification certificate issued by the psychologist", be engaged in psychological counseling.
    Compared with popular course, the psychology counseling industry is much quieter.
    According to Wuhan University counseling master tutor, vice secretary of the provincial mental health association long Dai Zhengqing introduces, the psychological consultation industry in China is now in a very low level, is the lack of professional talents of psychological counseling.
    In accordance with the relevant international standards, the standard ratio in mental health education and counseling personnel and social population was 1: 1000. According to statistics, Hubei province at the end of 2003 the total population of 60017000, according to this standard, the province's social demand should be as high as 60000.
    In the United States, every thousand people have a psychological consultant, 30% of people regularly see psychological doctor, 80% of people will not go regularly to the psychological clinic. Many families have their own private psychiatrist. Psychological treatment has also been included in the health system costs can be reimbursed. The United States has clinical psychologists, social workers and mental nursing staff of 280000 people.
    Student: are large in number but not a
    According to introducing, Wuhan University counsellor training center registration of students, educators and medical personnel accounted for half of all number. In addition, a lot of enterprise human resources managers and supervisors to learn, more people hope that through the knowledge of psychology of learning, help yourself to better carry out their duties.
    Wu Jun originally taught piano in Wuhan a vocational school, get psychological consultant certificate, through study and practice of a few years, has become an outstanding teachers. In addition to the students mental health education curriculum, still broadcasting station, adolescent psychological counseling center and other institutions as part-time psychological consultant. She said with deep feeling: "the use of scientific methods and means, can have a more profound understanding of counseling psychological pain, help them solve mental confusion as soon as possible."
    Participated in the counsellor training Xu Wenjun is an advertising company responsible person, she will be used for recruitment of staff knowledge of psychology. "At first, is the student, in order to better educate children after class, find the psychology knowledge use unexpectedly so big." Today, Xu Wenjun to be able to apply to be a character learning test special software application to the recruitment work. "Quickly understand the candidates character, through the test of temperament, behavior style, choose suitable for the requirements of the company staff, can make up for a short time to talk to rely solely on the candidate deficiencies identified, increase a scientific reliability."
    Of course, there is a part of the students are hoping to achieve self growth, enhance the quality of life, improve the quality of life, such as through learning to improve the relationship between husband and wife, improve the quality of marriage, improve child education level. Ms. Zhang told reporters, in counselor training, she began to wonder child psychology, equal communication with their children. She is now with the adolescent daughter get along very well, "the daughter now take me as her friend, her classmates have to consult my confusion."
    There is also the good people of Counselor's career prospects, many students participated in the training of the counselors into career planning or simply its psychological consulting company. Luo Xia is one of them, she is now Wuhan world heart psychological consulting company boss. "Affected by the mother, I am very interested in psychology." Luo Xia said, at present, their psychological consulting company and not too much profit, most energy is for the social obligation to do mental health and popularization.
    Problem: the training time is short of low barriers to entry
    Has been counselor qualification certificate Liu as a teacher in a primary school, she said, "the training time is too short, three months of training only weekends, although the theoretical knowledge, but it is difficult to digest in a short period of time. Usually found some problems of students, to help them, but we fear that run counter to one's desire."
    Dai Deqing said, the psychological consultation is not a simple chat process, requires a lot of skill to communicate. Psychological consultation personnel need to have solid professional knowledge, a broad range of knowledge, a positive attitude towards life. A consultant is to consult with their personal charm and professional knowledge to generate influence character by environment effects.
    Professor Dai introduced, developed countries have very high requirements on the psychological practitioners. In America, professional psychological counseling and treatment must have a PhD or doctorate in education, and then to the community or private foundation free service for two years, during which must receive 500 hours of professional supervision, every 5 hours to accept the supervision of 1 hours.
    According to the survey, at present, a lot of counselor training institutions, training length. In most cases, students as long as the payment, completed the training course, have the certificate of passing the exam can not enter, the threshold is too high.
    If the student itself with some mental problems, he how to become a qualified psychologist? Not qualified counselors will only damage the patient's benefit, aggravate the caller psychological burden.
    Outlook: training institutions to strengthen their screening
    At present, Wuhan City, two of the biggest psychological consultant training institutions -- Wuhan University Counselor Training Center and the K Institute of Confucian, are the basic conditions for the students have clear requirements. Students must be college degree or above, when the application must provide the corresponding certificate.
    Wuhan University Counselor Training Center, in the students' entrance and graduation are set corresponding threshold. Students entering the school, teachers training center to talk face to face with them, and personality tests using special psychological test software, used for preliminary screening of students. After the end of the course, students will also practice for 2 months in the demonstration consulting rooms, each student is equipped with a counselor, face-to-face simulation consulting.
    At the same time, counselors of educational level and professional level will gradually improve. At present, Wuhan University graduate student in the field of psychological counseling before graduation, must obtain a psychologist occupation qualification certificate.
    Editor: Yang Lin
 