    Organized by the Shanghai talent service center over the weekend "Shanghai international financial talent recruitment fair", the emergence of hundreds of people queuing for station "counter" flourishing scene. It is reported, the recruitment unit reached 32, but fresh financial professional college students to come to attend the conference to have 4, 5000 people. Because "cannot meet the needs of", some bank intern station "counter" jobs also lead to scramble, long queues of registration.
    It is understood, the participating enterprises including Citibank, Bank of East Asia, Mizuho Corporate Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, Holland bank, Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi a number of well-known foreign banks; Guotai Junan, Societe Generale Securities, China Merchants Securities and many other large securities firms, and nissay SVA, AIA and other well-known insurance company. Launch positions near 300, involving senior financial manager, operations manager, investment manager, currency traders, actuaries and other financial industry senior management and professional technical position. The exhibition is "one of the series of activities of the national talent market of third college graduates employment service month, Shanghai area" in attracting financial industry professionals at the same time, also provides a good career employment opportunities for graduates. So, the site popularity flourishing, more than 40 booth were full of people.
    Xiao Zhu is the student of the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, financial professional graduates, to participate in this special recruitment, actively preparing for the debate. Because many jobs have practical work experience and senior personnel titles, only some of the graduates of open positions he doesn't let go. Even some bank intern station "counter" post, he also followed queues registration. "Can into these financial unit work is success", Xiao Zhu think from internship station "counter" to start, the growth of the road should be out of this exercise. Employment first, and then career, in this financial talent recruitment fair, became many graduates choose. It is reported, the scene of more than 400 people with the recruitment unit reached a preliminary intention.
    Editor: Yang Lin
