    At the end of each year, the country will set off the upsurge of graduates employment. University campus popular "listening to tyrants", "bully" and "refused without bully" and other new words, is a vivid description of the situation of students employment. Concerned expert thinks, graduates must carefully look at this phenomenon, put the job attitude.
    Pa "listening": each field will drive
    The fourth grade students of Beijing Forestry University Shen is a typical "listen to the pa". Campus promotion, report, speech, never miss, field to listen to, also take notes. He thinks, listen to the campus talk, can broaden one's horizon, but also to provide their own opportunities.
    Expert opinion: the person responsible for the Beijing some university employment guidance center said, companies will preach the main propaganda enterprise culture, introduce enterprise views on employment, recruitment process etc.. Sometimes, working in these units the brothers and sisters back to "own", to introduce the candidates Shidishimei experience and matters needing attention.
    Therefore, college students in does not affect the study situation, take part in more companies will preach, can deepen the understanding of enterprise. The human resources manager to some companies think that college students, through the presentation, to the enterprise culture, the post demand have more understanding, in the enterprise the presentation period, can seize the opportunity, "free inquiry" to question more and more enterprises do not understand or want to know the information. This can increase the hit rate of the job. Recommend students through students, enterprise website, school website and other means, understanding of the enterprise campus talk schedule. Experts suggest that, at present, many colleges and universities campus talks are held, college students the best selectively attending the presentation, do not affect the normal learning.
    "Face bully": Interview
    Paying students graduated from Beijing a famous bachelor's degree this year, he looked for work experience, is still the students to talk about. The reason is that his work is after twentieth interviews to determine. Not before graduation, he kept a resume, and get an interview notice, is the students recognized "bully".
    Expert opinion: occupation refers to teacher Zhang Qiongwen said, "bully" students, that they have some advantages, especially in the production of resumes, unique, easy to get the employer identification. Although they are bully, but frequently choose employers, indicating that the graduates' occupation career planning is not clear, many of them one-sided pursuit of high paying, the results not only needs to go the long way, wasting a lot of time and money, sometimes too much choice, miss, can appear even diametrically opposite phenomenon. If the job of College Students' rational, there would be no "bully" phenomenon.
    Beijing college graduates employment guidance center responsible person said, over some "bully" college students, self-confidence, non famous enterprises do not go, choose work continuously in the job, lose some opportunities in the imperceptibly. Therefore, college students in the favorable conditions often received the interview notice, according to their own characteristics, to choose their own units. Otherwise, compared with other successful employment of students, wasting the precious time.
    "Refuse without bully": repeatedly rejected
    Chen has over 30 copies of your resume, in a 7 interview, ended in failure. In an interview with reporters, "refused to no tyrant" rejected the reasons, some because of your resume is not in place, did not get the chance to interview interview; some poor performance and eliminated; some because of the comprehensive quality of no is not the enterprise not; some interview although successful, but in practice do not adapt to the enterprise culture or due to interpersonal relations has not processed give up halfway.
    Expert opinion: Beijing Vocational College of Finance and Commerce Employment Guidance Center Liu Fengyuan teacher said, "refused to no pa" phenomenon to analysis from two aspects.
    Become "refuse without bully" college students, and some can be bad, because some appearance, height, gender and other objective reasons rejected. The employing units according to the job demand, establish the scientific view of employment, not deny this type of talent. Students have to overcome the inferiority complex, showing advantages, brave to face the reality. Students have to overcome some of the problems, some people in the face of the pressure of employment, some graduates are faced with fear; crowded talent market stalled, not to take the initiative to fight for the employer's appreciation, not with the recruitment unit contacts, but did not dare to compete with others, cannot treat correctly its defects etc..
    The expert thinks, "refused to no tyrant" graduates, experience in the job after countless failures, to sum up the causes of the failure. Only by constantly sum up lessons, the accumulation of experience, in order to achieve success.
    Editor: Yang Lin
