    Our province 286000 college graduates are facing employment. Many of the graduates to find a job in the process to give their "valuation" and worry: the unit open salary Is it right? Is low, if his target salary, the open the high price?
    The talent market in Nanjing is responsible for that, the graduates need not taboo and unit of choose and employ persons talk about salary, but expected salary can't "outrageous", is too high will leave arrogant feeling employers, too low to let the human think applicants with no true skill and genuine knowledge, not self-confident. He is to present before the city on the employment of graduates of the hottest seven industry as an example, one by one to give a salary "benchmarking", for graduates job reference.
    Marketing position of primary salesman marketing industry entry level positions, such post graduates competition big hope, if can obtain marketing qualification certificate is more favorable. Because the marketing industry to job seekers in communication and coordination, language expression ability request is higher, the graduates will have more opportunity to exercise in the platform. A large floating salary level marketing industry, is generally a base salary plus commission way, "new" base salary is in commonly 800 - 1000 yuan.
    Manufacturing jobs in our province this few years, the rapid development of manufacturing enterprises, manufacturing jobs employment opportunities also increased accordingly. The graduates enter the manufacturing industry engaged in duties to technicians generally dominated, 1500 yuan is the undergraduate students can receive the starting salary. Need to pay attention to is the industry rises to channel more unobstructed, outstanding practitioners can fast promotion.
    The IT industry in the IT industry practitioners, 2 to 3 years is expected to increase to technical positions, programmers, network development and maintenance, customer service is very suitable for just out of college graduates as the preferred position. These a few years the University IT professional "yield" is increasing rapidly, more than the industry employment to increase speed, the entire industry salary decline. The basic salary of up to 2000 yuan in the undergraduate.
    Machinery industry machinery is a pure technical industry, access conditions for graduates are more relaxed, the general college degree or above, have certain skills, you can get the chance to work. If the graduate * * * in entry-level jobs, the monthly salary of about 1000 yuan to 1500 yuan between.
    Finance graduates salary standard in the initial financial positions usually most of the enterprise to 1500 yuan to 1200 yuan. Graduates to get this job, accounting certificate is to certify financial professional students should have the occupation qualification, if the enterprise is to do foreign trade business, export trade and other relevant financial qualification certificate will increase the job chances of success.
    An administrative secretarial administrative secretarial position, is the first choice of liberal arts graduates employment, not only Chinese students will pay particular attention to the historical, legal, "liberal arts" graduates to do clerical employment as one of the options. An administrative secretarial personnel's salary is in commonly 1000 - 1500 yuan, although for the benefit of the enterprise different there will be fluctuations, but on the whole more stable.
    Human resource management human resource management talent popular is hot rise since the second half of last year. Human resources management professional graduates in the coming year, is likely to become the focus of the employing units recruit "xiangbobo". The initial salary such positions in general in 1500 yuan, big companies should also have higher space.
    Editor: Yang Lin
