    Page first: want to fight a page 2: I want to "play back home"
    want to "play back"
    - Philip27 years staff
    I first heard the news, because the very tempting "100000" can not help but excited a lot, very interested to search a recruitment network in Zhejiang province. I had a browse through the Zhejiang province to position, find the most is the university teachers and administrative staff, some enterprises are not very famous, like my initial hope like UT Sidakang, Alibaba and other well-known large enterprises are not in the list, but a bit disappointed.
    My hometown is in Hangzhou, chose to stay in Shanghai work when I graduate, nearly two years down, I found those who chose to return to his hometown to work one day lead than I nourish. Although on the surface they get paid and I almost, but where the consumption level is lower than Shanghai, and not Shanghai so congested traffic during the rush hours, you can work a few years to buy a house. The original think development opportunities in Shanghai is relatively large, prefer to do the "phoenix", work for a long time, think if there is a chance to do "beheaded" likely will be greater room for development. Those back home by the reuse of my classmates, now rising faster than me.
    I analysis, "beat back" of the plan now, after all, there are their own circle, contacts, home of some famous enterprises in recent years has developed very fast. Of course, this also needs to have the opportunity to cooperate. To my character, is not very suitable for work in universities, are not fit to be a civil servant. I hope there will be more large-scale enterprises in Zhejiang province to come to Shanghai to negotiate, to different types of talents a chance.
    Parents did not agree
    - 22 year old Miss Ma University Undergraduates
    The school is not the Shanghai at the first-class university, so this year from work to find some lack of confidence, in accordance with the teacher said the next thing all depends on your own ability to survive. Hot news for paying nineteen cups of wine they apply test risk in 100000 ~20 million annual salary under the temptation, just graduated from the University of Electronic Science and technology of Xiao Yang (a pseudonym) excitedly a medicated wine company agent job......
    This year, although each big company's recruitment has just begun, but the surrounding atmosphere has very strong competition. I heard a few run many times the recruitment students said, this year the recruitment company that they fill in the expected salary, they can't fill in more than 2000 figures, but even this can get an interview the students are still not much, can get big company offer who now me only one. Under this atmosphere, I obviously feel a lot of pressure. Shanghai competition pressure is too great, according to my personality, I like in the less competitive in the second tier cities, there is a little more than subsistence income. I quite like those south of the Yangtze River City of Zhejiang, I went to travel, where trees kiosk, fresh air, walking in the street, people seem very happy, if you have the opportunity to work in that city, I really want to try.
    However, parents always think to stay in Shanghai and their families together is the first choice, it is not just consider around Shanghai city. According to their plans, immediately to the postgraduate exam, they hope I can obtain a famous university in Shanghai, and then concentrate on looking for a job. Although we do not like the idea, but also has its reason they thought. You see, the recruitment will give graduate students more favorable treatment, education and school or job two piece of brick road not less. I think I will for the time being in accordance with the arrangements for parents to concentrate on one's deceased father grind.
    Zhejiang is a new ideal
    - 28 years old Dr. Xiao Hu
    Without a doubt, the most desirable city graduates outside Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou and other big city, where the employment environment, the development of space, have more opportunities. &gt; &gt; &gt; workplace Weapon Master six skills with "high paying Hydrangea" thrown out of a high pay double or even several times to the work of your employer or headhunting company, believe that few people can not be Beckoning. In fact, this opportunity to explain their understanding and acceptance by others...... However, recently left behind the idea of Shanghai seemed to have changed, particularly as we read the professional field of doctor, the counterpart of the universities and research institutions in places basically run out, want to develop, must try to find another way out, leaving Shanghai to go to other city method is a lot of people used. Two years ago, several elder sister after graduation went to another university, Dalian, Xiamen, Ningbo, the living environment and living conditions than Shanghai is not bad at all. But also because of the introduction of talent, they suddenly get a pen angufei and the scientific research expenses. Compared to stay in the city, still waiting for some senior schools to solve the couple room, their any menace from the "rear" small, entrepreneurial passion is also thicker. Classmate party, some graduates go to the field on a few have is the school where the young backbone, and the school for their very seriously, look a development well. Their example, we give a great influence on the graduate people. I had almost decided, saw an opportunity to the field to find their suitable undertaking.
    I am more optimistic about the province's Zhejiang. Have a look these years of enterprise and the rich list, the list can be found, many men have come from Zhejiang, visible, Zhejiang is a "Crouching.Tiger,Hidden.Dragon", I also very much to have the confidence to try his hand at a. Besides, Zhejiang has introduced talents, which shows the thirst after talents attitude, surely this opportunity not bad.
    I did not look at the top of the mountain
    A 28 year old company procurement - harmonic
    People all say Shanghai many opportunities, suitable for aggressive young man, so after graduate school, I went to Shanghai to travel from home. Science and engineering from me so far in a small company when purchasing, sales downturn now, I often ran out of talent market and all kinds of recruitment, to find a way out for themselves. To find a job with my current qualifications and experience is not what problem, can be the key is to find a more satisfied oneself, also is suitable for occupation development work in the future, it will be very difficult. I saw recently, Zhejiang Shanghai hold talent fair, launch positions are quite attractive, can not help but also Heartbeat unceasingly. &gt; &gt; &gt; related news to get rid of garbage, outsmart the highly paid professional and not every job is valuable, every day you bustling about, but it may be doing a lot of no value work is the so-called "junk work". Don't underestimate the negative influence of the "garbage work" brings to your occupation career......
    The region is not a problem for me, I am more important is the work itself and the development of space. Although has been in Shanghai for more than two years, developed a certain affection, also not easy to implement the Shanghai account, but if Zhejiang has better prospects for development position I would put one's foot down to give up everything now. I did not look at the top of the mountain, is currently in Shanghai for my own future was not sure really, around the elite gathered in Shanghai, fierce competition is self-evident. Another important reason is, in my current income to buy a house to settle down in Shanghai, it is too far away to read thought. If we can find a more suitable position in Zhejiang Province, so magnificent project to live and work in peace will finish faster, after all, the total can not and his girlfriend in a rented cottage spending the rest of my life.
    Editor: Yang Lin
