    'the relationship between 04 frame and the 01 frame
    From 2003, Xiaolong 01 first flew yesterday 04 frame successful first flight, JF-17 aircraft series development work has never ceased. The JF-17 aircraft 01, 03 frame belongs to platform state, focuses on the development of aircraft, mainly used to support the test flight, the flight safety is guaranteed, in other words, is to build a good foundation platform for the JF-17 born 04 frame. If the 01 and 03 frame is the basic version ", then, Xiaolong 04 it can be referred to as the" complete version".
    Aircraft design is divided into the traditional plan design, preliminary design, detailed design, detailed design, preliminary trial manufacture and test of six stages, the development cycle is often very long, the speed of development often lags behind the development speed of electronic equipment. In order to fully meet user on the progress and combat effectiveness of the demand, "Xiaolong" project in development at the beginning of the prototype development and boldly put forward the "two steps" strategy, which is divided into the platform state (01, 03 aircraft) and full state (04 aircraft) in two stages, one hand can make the aircraft fly as soon as possible up, speed up the platform identification; on the other hand, the use of platform identification of this period of time, the development of more advanced weapons systems for avionics, and further optimize the performance of the aircraft. Correct by practice proved that this kind of management innovation practices. It is because of the adoption of "two steps to walk" the strategy, Xiaolong 01, 03 aircraft in flight and so exposed the problems in practical work, can in Xiaolong 04 frame to be resolved one by one clear system comprehensive.
    JF-17 advanced frame 04 where? Director, Chengdu aircraft design institute chief architect Yang Wei said its JF-17 aircraft
    A "clam" type inlet design
    '04 aircraft by the overall gas advanced aerodynamic layout, greatly improves the performance of supersonic aircraft. The use of advanced "clam" type inlet design technology, in front of the fuselage inlet is designed on a drum kit, on entering the inlet air is pre compressed by the drum kit, and blowing boundary layer, effectively improve the intake efficiency, save the aircraft structural weight. China is the world's second successful use of the technology of the country.
    B can be implemented over the horizon attack
    '04 aircraft by world leading level of integrated modular avionics and weapon systems, entirely by our independent research and development. One of its core technology is the use of a highly integrated task management computer (WMMC), to replace the traditional display control system, the central control unit, the mission computer, digital transmission unit, digital map, achieved five in one. Due to the adoption of advanced avionics core technology design and system integrated technology, make the JF-17 aircraft can implement oth attack, can be a variety of weapons including precision guided weapons, mount, with a variety of advanced precision navigation, battlefield situational awareness, target detection and recognition, combat attacks and electronic warfare and other functions. In addition, according to the different requirements of users, the combination scheme with different avionics system.
    C a variety of automatic driving mode
    Design of flight control system '04 aircraft for the first time in China to use digital telexes and mechanical mixing system of integrated design, which not only makes the aircraft has good flying qualities and a variety of automatic driving mode, and realize low cost.
    D digital power supply control
    04 aircraft using integrated design and test of power supply and distribution system for advanced verification techniques, its core is the use of the digital power supply developed by our own country control box, realizes the redundant power supply automatic monitoring, scheduling, management and alarm, realized the airborne important with redundant power supply, fault detection system the rate of 95%, shorten the fault maintenance time, improve the aircraft's attendance. The idea of designing the world's most advanced fighter from state distributed power system, to realize the control function by software, for very convenient power supply system control logic change, delay time changes the parameter adjustment, easy to transplant and upgrade can be used to present different models, the direction of the development of low cost, digital symbol combined airborne system.
    E battery is always full capacity
    Aircraft emergency power supply is in the main power failure situations to ensure electricity supply equipment of aircraft important. 'the 04 plane configuration of the charger can fast charge, so that battery is always in full capacity state, guarantee the emergency key in case the electricity supply equipment, realize the maintenance free battery; at the same time, flight control power system developed realizes the redundant flight control system of full time uninterrupted power supply, to ensure flight safety.
    F good cockpit view
    '04 aircraft using whole arc windscreen and a bubble type canopy design advanced, provides a good perspective for the pilots cockpit.
    G advanced lifesaving system
    '04 aircraft with advanced micro detonation cord wear design cover ejection escape system, make the aircraft at low altitude and adverse attitude under the rescue ability strong, safe, fast, reliable, widely uses the three generation or four generation machine machine.
    H full hydraulic for oil
    In the synthesis design of 04 JF-17 aircraft fuel system in the process, China has independently developed for oil and control subsystem of full hydraulic working mode, for the first time using this developed in the domestic aircraft. The system of a few moving parts, light weight, high reliability, aircraft fuel center of gravity control realized by joint work jet sensor, pump control valve and shut off valve, the center of gravity of jet fuel in the process control capability of exceptional, the consumption center of gravity control changes in the leading domestic level. At the same time, the JF-17 aircraft fuel system used for the integrated design technology of oil and active source, which makes the system supply capacity and its energy consumption and the engine work state coordination and matching, which made use of heavy fuel oil a good thermal maximum, as the AC generator and a hydraulic system heat dissipation.
    I other advanced technology
    '04 aircraft also used the advanced integral fuel tank design technology, technology, design of structural alloy titanium comprehensive analysis of structure test technique and other a series of advanced design technology, a lot of innovation and breakthrough in the domestic leading level. (according to the Chengdu Daily; Peng Wenjing Zhou Bo)
    
