    Global Times special Taipei writer Sima Yan Global Times special correspondent Tong Y    
    In April 18th, the Taiwan military simulation drill at a military base in Hsinchu.
    Since 1984, Taiwan has had 22 "Han" exercise almost do year after year, and every time a new pattern: from the people's Liberation Army crossed the sea to large-scale operations, special forces to implement the "decapitation operations" to Taiwan, and last year's urban warfare, Taiwan always can give a person with "new feeling". This year's "Han" exercise theme especially hot setting to "prevent unrestricted warfare", its important projects "to prevent the liberation army occupied television" quite "stimulus" confrontation. The Taiwan military said, if can't hold, unrestricted warfare, Taiwan can survive the 3 day is a miracle; if can withstand, Taiwan army could at least hold half a month to a month, until the "other countries" involved in the Taiwan Strait dispute. The Taiwan military used on various occasions to exercise the so-called "anti unrestricted warfare" skills, however, one of the "Han" theme will exercise (another theme of "homeland defense") as "anti unrestricted warfare" is the first time.
    Assume that the war started in 2008
    In April 24th, the "Han Kuang No. 22" military exercises began to computer wargame, Taiwan "United Daily News", news and watch TV and other media recently conducted a large coverage. According to reports, the total play Taiwan's "defense ministry", this hypothesis is that successful hosting of the Olympic Games in 2008, great power status improved significantly, and with other countries, and is expected to solve the Taiwan problem not by international intervention, therefore began to strengthen the force to resolve the Taiwan issue preparation.
    The specific design of scene: in one night in 2008, the waters near Taiwan a silence, a PLA submarine is perform permeability in waters off eastern Taiwan task, at this time, the military "success level" is undergoing routine patrol frigate using advanced sonar found the submarine. Mutual warning, PLA submarine launched torpedo hit first, Taiwan Navy. The Taiwan military Senior Associate in "President", entered a state of combat readiness. The PLA is subsequently launched a large-scale, as many as 10 wave of missile attacks and as many as 20 wave of strikes, at the same time, but also the use of electromagnetic pulse bomb won first in the electronic warfare. At the same time, the people's Liberation Army psychological warfare forces, special forces, network hacker forces and operatives lurking in Taiwan began the implementation of a full range of psychological warfare, the legal battle, the public opinion war and financial war against taiwan. Table summit convened an emergency "National Security Council", declared war on the mainland across the Taiwan Straits war officially kicked off......
    Responsible for the exercise of the "Vice Minister of defense Zhu Kaisheng said," the "Han" exercise will focus on how to counter the mainland drill may carry out various non military action ", including a trade war, financial war, media warfare, psychological warfare, smuggling warfare unrestricted warfare mode.
    According to the military experts, the so-called unrestricted warfare is a concept at the end of the last century was born, it refers to subvert the existing rules of war, beyond all limits, regardless of the front to rear, with a possible means to achieve the purpose of war war form. In the unrestricted warfare, finance, trade, network, media, international law is possible battlefield. American on trade embargo before Yugoslavia, Cuba and Libya and other countries, the use of air assault division raided Panama, captured the country's leader Noriega Sadam was killed, spread news of war with Iraq, "base" Qaeda hijackers crashed; American World Trade Center, is a typical example of unconventional warfare. The Taiwan military claims, three war of Liberation Army in recent years "(" legal warfare, psychological warfare and the public opinion warfare) belongs to the unrestricted warfare, is probably one of the means in the future of taiwan. According to the "United Daily News" reported, the Taiwan military senior said, in 1996 November, the PLA has worked in Beijing military exercises, by Army Special reconnaissance troops to flight dynamic parachute way low altitude invasion win television. In 1997 November, the PLA Chengdu Military Region in the exercise, the implementation of the exercise again captured media. Since then, the Taiwan military began to pay attention to the "Liberation Army captured media, psychological warfare" battle mode. After several years of discussions, this year has finally decided to "prevent unrestricted warfare" as "one of the themes of the Han Kuang exercise.
    "How to play the media battle"
    The Taiwan military design "media battle" scenario, the people's Liberation Army Special Forces and precision guided weapons in the implementation of the "decapitation operations" are not physically exterminated the leader of the Taiwan authorities, so start quickly occupied the major city television and other media, the control of mass media, at the same time, CCTV also cooperate on global broadcast "prior to forge good war over Taiwan," the progress of PLA troops will also prepare network network picture widely to send to each big global communication agency, said the leader of the Taiwan authorities have been killed in air strikes, in Taiwan has been collapsing. Electronic warfare forces on yet controlled television, radio and communications satellite to implement signal interference and suppression, prevent the leader of the Taiwan authorities is the use of television, radio speech. Psychological warfare, public opinion on both sides of the Taiwan Straits war open play.
    The Taiwan military actions in Taiwan, will be full of the media satellite truck mobilized, communication signal, sending out of Taiwan army at the same time, electronic warfare forces of Taiwan army is fighting on the Internet and the mainland, will have been completed Webpage release to include 7 war zone, 62, and 63 naval task force air force operational command of Taiwan's ten major strategic unit, and each unit in the most short time through C4ISR (command, control, communications, computer and intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance) system to the Taiwan military front and all subordinate units "to clarify the facts," battlefield, and at the same time to send the Taiwan military system's information, send the liberation army defeat, killed, fake images, disrupt the morale. At the same time, also in the Heng Mountain underground command arrangements "head of state" speech, the use of satellite truck to the international broadcasting, the stability of Taiwan people to the morale of the troops.
    To achieve the above goal, according to the Taiwan military officials revealed, the exercise will not only all over Taiwan satellite truck listed in the control list and strategic materials, Taiwan military warfare system during the exercise also for the first time established "civil service", and to restore the "psychological warfare department". "Political warfare bureau" the Ministry of national defense for the first time will also verify how the emergency release, "security" (civil service) and "there" (heart war against) action. The Taiwan military even plan will usually attend the Tzu Chi volunteer activities of senior station generals families also mobilized, hope they can to "within the" civil service by international charity organization strength".
    In addition, the Taiwan military ideas, will implement the so-called financial war against Taiwan, namely full face Taiwan economic blockade, all sea, air transport route of truncation. At the same time, the PLA has also started using aircraft, balloons dropped counterfeit money, let some of the people of Taiwan to use the cheap pick up. Already latent in Taiwan spooks, and counterfeit group and using a lot already into the island's counterfeit money, a time Taiwan people on the bill false ones, normal commercial activities difficult to continue, the old people have run NT, Taiwan foreign exchange, gold reserves are depleted, the economy faces collapse.
    And the Taiwan military high-level sinister external said, in the future war in the Taiwan Strait, the people's Liberation Army even send agent reservoir in Taiwan tap water system and puts the poison, making deaths, "new terrorism", Taiwan army this should also exercise the corresponding countermeasures. The Hollywood film type plot caused the Taiwan media ridicule, it was ironic that, in Democratic Progressive Party leadership, many of the original water rich city of Taiwan are short of water, also used to cast what poison?
    Put up a pageantry for the
    In addition to hype the unrestricted warfare, in Taiwan the participating units will break through 30, the reserve force of up to 50000 people plus is active, in recent years the largest one. The Taiwan military in the "Han" exercise has many "first", to display the Taiwan military attention to the exercise of the. For example, the Taiwan military first put the focus of the exercise extends from Taiwan "defense" to "homeland defense battle", namely the previous war game focus only on the people's Liberation Army "of Taiwan", but this was changed to the people's Liberation Army comprehensive background in the "occupation of Taiwan" on how to deal with, specific will involve fierce street fighting, urban warfare such scenes will be "extremely tragic".
    According to reports, with the former U. S. Pacific Fleet commander Blair led the U.S. military advisory group has arrived in Taiwan to observe the "Han Kuang No. 22" military exercise. Should the U.S. advisory body, wargaming time this will be appropriate to extend to the front army pushed combat simulation time for up to 5 days, this is elongated combat space-time, no longer time limit, until the station "defense minister" ordered the end.
    In addition, Taiwan's military police forces will also be put into the "Han" exercise, this is the first time in 20 years. Police in the exercise of the main tasks is the anti airborne, Taiwan's "defense ministry" the requirements of military police forces to quick response posture of the combat forces, as long as the receipt of orders dispatched troops must arrive at the designated location, in 5 minutes.
    According to the schedule, "Han" exercise in April officially wargame part is completed, May will be a week of "the power of spirit week" education, from 6 to July will be launched a series of actual combat drills.
    The authorities in Taiwan where the original capital at all "Han" the purpose of the exercise? In this regard, a special arrangement of the Taiwan authorities made very clear footnote: 26 days, the Taiwan military arrangements "legislative committee inspected the wargame defense". In this way, can not help you do not go to think, the Taiwan military wargame get so tragic, objective just hope "legislators" have mercy, let the long troubled deal quickly pass.
    However, in the exercise, there is more concern is the point, 6 in the year to July of the "Han Kuang No. 22" military exercise during the actual combat drills, Japan also known as the "just" will hold a joint military drill the largest after the Vietnam War in northeast area of Taiwan. The U. S. military will be a dispatched 3 aircraft carrier, the exercise area and quite close to the waters of the Diaoyu islands. In this regard, Taiwan "Guoanju" said was informed, and claims to have mastered the relevant data. View, the Taiwan authorities will not miss this opportunity of manufacturing "sensational effect", in order to fool people, confuse the public, send the wrong signal to the people of Taiwan, "Taiwan independence" underpin.
