    Editor's note
    The army from that day on, the military began to learn "China people's Liberation Army secret code", the conservative military secrets responsibility will run through the entire military career. In the long-term peaceful environment, often easy to relax the secrecy of this string, which requires the establishment of a long-term security mechanism, reminding soldiers to keep the secret.
    Shenyang military area commands a mechanized infantry brigade of foreign exchanges about the sense of propriety
    Our newspaper Shenyang on 27 April,
    Long Shaohua, Wen Fangqi reported: this morning, the Shenyang military region for a mechanized infantry brigade sergeant Zou Zhigang again rejected the old classmate sent resident map request, and Ming on as a soldier can not be in violation of the relevant security regulations of troops. This is to bring the brigade officers and soldiers of foreign exchanges the result of strict management.
    According to the Zou Zhigang to the organization to reflect, his old classmates is a tourist site manager, a few days ago to please Zou Zhigang help mail order administrative area map of garrison troops, and indicate the location on the map. This caused the travel Party Committee attaches great importance to. The travel Party committee was: in a peaceful environment, some soldiers easily in the foreign exchanges when relax the secrecy of this string, we must establish a long-term security mechanism. In this regard, the brigade "perfect" Several Provisions on further improving security and confidentiality, the matters needing attention of officers and soldiers in association with the outside world made clear, and asked the officers and men to talk about sense of proportion in the foreign exchanges, enthusiasm have principles, enhance the consciousness of the officers and soldiers to comply with the confidentiality provisions.
    Air a communication training regiment U disk management system
    Our newspaper Guangzhou on 27 April,
    Zheng Xiaoxue, Liu Qingling reported: today, air a communication training group will revise and improve the "computer floppy disk hard, managing and destruction measures" issued by various units. This is the Group continues to an unauthorized U disk back to the dormitory cadre, circulate a notice of criticism, but also a specific measures to strengthen the security and confidentiality of information under the condition of the adopted.
    Not long ago, the regiment in security inspection, found U disk "authority of a registered take wings to itself", after several search to find in a dormitory cadres. It was his weekend overtime GanXie a material, U disk being relevant material to quarters. The Party committee to reflect on the matter: as the forces of information equipment increased, standardize and perfect the soft equipment management, become a new subject of security and confidentiality. To this end, the group in accordance with the provisions of the headquarters of the information security, to develop a series of security measures. At the same time, they also enhance the group automation station construction, improve the level of information technology security, blocking the leak channel.
    Guangzhou military region of a communication terminal telephone conversation is not classified
    The 27 April, Wuhan
    Guo Chen, Wang Qingze reports: a cadre of a few minutes ago content in mobile phone conversations with people, did not expect to be wholly intact scene playback. Today, the Guangzhou military region of a communication terminal in this case education officers and men to enhance security awareness, not in the use of mobile phone conversation related contents.
    Not long ago, the terminus Qianqing director Xie found people use mobile phone layout work, immediately aroused his vigilance: widely used in some high and new technology in the field of communication, bring the severe challenge to the security and confidentiality. Therefore, the terminus formulated and issued "about the communication tools use Interim Provisions" confidential, made provisions for mobile phone use scope, clear requirements shall not be classified by mobile phone conversation. At the same time, the terminus station of mobile phone use dragnet inventory, the illegal use of mobile phone for the collection register. I saw in the station, jammers are configured in an important secret parts of office building, an important secret place installation information shielding facilities, the officers and men can consciously close mobile phone are participating in various gatherings.
