
　　Zhang Lianjun Xiong Yanchun Our special correspondent Han Guang Zhang Xuhang

　　[The hero biography] Geng Dayong, Shenyang military area command of an armored regiment commander of the fourth company. Since the company commander, he led the company several times to complete the new equipment trial task, has been awarded a. One, two. One, three. Two. Last year, he was the Shenyang military region commander tree as "excellent".
    Proficient in our country some tank three professional; the hundreds of common technical performance parameters and hundreds of commonly used parts of "mouth"; more than one hundred kinds of common faults can bring back life to a patient; to create a number of the first of the tanks of the actual...... Shenyang military armored four company commander Geng Dayong, with indomitable fighting spirit, created a success. This appearance is not breathtaking lieutenant, body what contains how energy? "Make every attempt to make new equipment as early play the maximum effectiveness, this is my source of strength to be one's unshirkable responsibility mission, but also I overcome all difficulties." Geng Dayong said proudly.
    Yong Tam responsibility -- training soldiers deliver the goods
    Late at night, an unfamiliar territory, "red", "blue" the two armies meet on on a narrow path, launched a desperate fight. The battle into a stalemate, the way raiders from "day" down, with an irresistible force trend line "the blues" hinterland, in one fell swoop Duandiao "Blues" command.
    "King of the Marines" indeed as expected! After the drill, director of the Department of command and staff of the company commander Geng Dayong approval.
    In 2004 July, when an Armored Regiment company commander had Geng Dayong honeymoon after only 7 days left the newlywed wife, burning with impatience to get back to the troops. Because he had heard that the army had just loaded a new tank, new equipment training is about to pull open heavy curtain.
    The tank is the first time army column mounted, who should be the new tank company commander? Division of Party committee decided to study: who is who can go on stage, commander of the candidates generated by the assault of arms.
    Appraisal theory, actual. In pairs of eyes watching, delicating Geng Dayong go all the way, talent showing itself among more than 20 candidates, was appointed the new tanks first company commander.
    No textbooks, he led the officers and men to learn from the most basic knowledge, is to begin the study from over 2600 pages of instructions. Only one month, he mastered the basic knowledge of the structure of component, a new tank's working principle, operating rules, and to the delegation leadership expert advice, please make this type of tank design supervision to the company site teaching.
    27 experts in the team, Geng Dayong day please expert lectures, night with company officers and men to burn the midnight oil digestion and absorption. They learn humility style deeply infected with the experts, the original plan only half a month of expert guidance activities lasted twenty days. Period, Geng Dayong will be the expert lecture video data, text data carved into 26 discs, made the model tank training coachs teaching material.
    3 months later, he passed the expert instruction, the control instructions and the real vehicle groping, in the absence of training materials under the condition of new equipment, to achieve the structure, principle, performance of the "mouth", become a generalist company asked not inverted, experts do not take an examination of living "". The division level two standing committee learning new equipment, be the first to bear the brunt become coaches Geng Dayong; tank out of the failure, and he became a repair technician.
    The courage to explore -- dare be a person first casting is brilliant
    In 2004 October, take the division joined the military organization of the troop exercise task. Geng Dayong volunteered: "the new tank is our army land combat battle equipment, if not as soon as possible through the troop exercise its practicing practicing fine, how can vanquish the enemy in the future battle?"
    Railway transportation, thousands of miles of maneuvering, 100 kilometers to raid, new equipment fielded only 3 months of full participation in the military exercise, no one left behind, fully demonstrated the excellent performance.
    "The new tank cannot follow behind play a bit role, must be to society to the knife blade." In order to combat performance test model tanks in the harsh natural conditions, let the new equipment to become fully operational, Geng Dayong in live fire exercises again requests when the knife even.
    Shells brought over, this is the first time to see the new tank Geng Dayong live. The unsealing of gun tube, correction of artillery, combat two hours before launch fleeting, and according to the rules, should also conduct live fire artillery firing before. But this time, the starting command has been issued.
    Geng Dayong opened the experts insist that live fire artillery, firmly drilled into the chariots of iron, to assume the responsibility of the first gun hit.
    "Boom!" High speed along the tank roared got the first shot. This is the first shot of the tanks fitted out after making, high-speed muzzle penetrators accurately hit the remote target.
    The first hit! The drill field boiling, to tank design expert tut watch says to surprise, scene of the chief military praise.
    Military director department by the evaluation conclusion, the type of tank columns packed with 3 months is preliminary already form fighting capacity. Geng Dayong with his dare be the world first courageous spirit, Time will not wait for me. crisis consciousness, in the history of the development of our army some tank on wrote a thick.
    In peacetime training, Geng Dayong strict requirements, a bold attempt. To suppress the sight system of the equipment is expensive, a small thermal imager receiving glass is 40000 yuan. Some comrades put forward the relevant training courses, the risk is too big, or not as good training. Geng Dayong thinks, should not be used to guarantee security to reduce the negative training standard. In working out a detailed training plan and alert, his first car training. Results the company without a leak of training, all reached the standard of excellence.
    Innovation -- to realize the new spanning equipment
    In the Horqin grassland, the dripping dripping water freezes. Geng Dayong rate even in the camp in new tank into a long-distance, in line with the. Suddenly, "the blues" implementation of high power electronic interference to my company, neighbours and command post lost contact, if lost the friendly support fight a lone battle, the battle is likely to end up in failure.
    Critical juncture, Geng Dayong was very quick witted, he uses the simple mark notice: "neighbor shrinkage formation, closer to me!" Then, he led the battalion continued to attack.
    "Fight" after the victory of Geng Dayong, director of the Department of flexible disposal "enemy" situation battle winning move much appreciated. But Geng Dayong knows, some tank after all, only a small amount of equipment, to achieve the perfect combination of old and new equipment, can really promote the combat effectiveness of great leap forward development.
    From then on, Geng Dayong began a new round of hard research. For two months, he put his "bubble" in a variety of materials, chew on the "armored warfare", "tank combat theory" and so on many voluminous writings, and warfare on the performance of the two generation main battle tank for quantitative analysis, summed up the "fire observation location, new equipment in front element transfer the old equipment" and so on more than 10 kinds of tactics, effectively improve the overall combat capability of troops.
    High-quality generates combat power. At the suggestion of Geng Dayong, last October the company built the company network learning room division of the largest scale, a week to come up with the two night officers and soldiers training, organizing a monthly evaluation contest, now the company cadres all through the national computer grade two examination, the warrior can everyone independent multimedia courseware. The company also launched the "expert" training, significantly improve the overall combat capability the company, company moving on a fixed target shooting, made 114 rounds of 107 hits from the good results.
