    USA "Aviation Week & space technology" in 2006 10 April issue report
    Because the chaos of conflict management decision and demand, America DOD signals intelligence agencies are efforts to transform the signals intelligence capability. Aging aircraft and the response to anti American armed with the contradiction between the wireless technology in twenty-first Century the most advanced American are faced with the threat of being prompted between senior military America heated argument. During the end of the year budget plan, USA air force and Navy will decide whether to merge the airborne signals intelligence projects and join the unmanned systems in the air signal equipment. But before similar efforts in trouble, industry experts warned the two sides exist significant differences in the operational mode.
    Air Force Chief of staff general Moseley is expected, will be some future weapons technology investment in basic decisions made during the next round of budget plan. The fiscal year 2008 plan will enable the air force to lose the signal intelligence system project. Naval War Minister Mullen said recently, the navy can establish an electronic intelligence model collection type P-8 multi mission maritime aircraft in give signals intelligence (MMA) project and the choice of. However, he also suggested that the Navy and the air force are related concepts discussed joint project. Moseley thinks, can be combined with the two military services task, suggested that the introduction of a larger "Global Hawk" unmanned surveillance aircraft as a supplement, the Navy Air Force RC-135 EP-3. The Navy also needed in aerial common sensor project to cancel and re arrange its signal system plan.
    Study on the armed forces are conducting a signals intelligence system project joint, this is expected to be completed this summer research will help determine the extent of military cooperation. In the new manned aircraft choice may cause friction. Even if the upgrade, RC-135 will only be used in 2020. The faster aging degree of EP-3, around 2017 will be retired. Moseley does not believe that a Boeing 737 dimensions will be sufficient to replace RC-135. The key problem is to have enough body length and wingspan can provide the antenna spacing enough, to avoid mutual interference and the emission source in the long-range precision positioning. The details and precise requirements for electronic attack plan is necessary, including computer and communication network intrusion and electronic jamming task constantly modernization. More large aircraft can provide longer electronic baseline between antennas can also provide the ability to better than low frequency signal intelligence collection of small aircraft. But navy officials think, Moseley views the lack of factual basis. The Navy had planned a Signals Intelligence Aided System in the early stage of the project MMA. In this period of project staff to complete the evaluation of 737's signal, no problems found.
    The Navy and air force in the 90's of the last century tried by a secret project to combine signal capability, due to collect requirements and Naval Tactical battlefield in the combined air force strategic intelligence collection of problems and failures. 737 aircraft to be larger than EP-3 by volume, 737 will improve the Navy's signals intelligence capability. A senior industry source pointed out, combined with military signals intelligence requirements is the biggest obstacle to the project plan and operational concepts. American army now to replace a system of RC-12 aircraft, the Navy needs to replace the EP-3 around 2015, the air force in 2010. In addition, the army used in low signal system for ground forces support, the Navy needs to perform a more wide range of tactical tasks, while the air force focus on collecting task in strategic intelligence.
    As a part of the air force intelligence collection program, Moseley is focused in the installation of multi platform radar technology insertion program (MP-RTIP) ground surveillance radar E-10A. The project has been defense officials changed to plane verification project. But Moseley thinks that E-10 didn't stop. The air force lacks the ability to find flying low and fast moving targets, MR-RTIP can provide this ability. Mounted on a fixed balloon model of radar is also an option, but it does not meet the requirements of the air force expeditionary. E-10 MP-RTIP and for a "small radar Global Hawk" can be composed of the advanced sensors, can provide the required system of cruise missile and ballistic missile defense. At the same time, Boeing officials that, if all work smoothly, P-8
    Maritime multi-purpose aircraft testing project will be completed one year ahead. Software delivery work is planned, the flight test program for new innovative work will last weeks or months. The first flight is expected in 2009 January, 2012 initial operational capability. If the Navy decided to buy signals intelligence maritime multi-purpose aircraft, the project will be faster, because the lower the airworthiness requirements than the maritime patrol aircraft standards.
