    China News Agency, Chengdu twenty-eight April report (reporter Sun Zifa) China full state "Xiaolong" zero four aircraft in twenty-eight days here a successful first flight, the development unit to the media to provide the aircraft development brief history as follows:
    In 1998, agreement in principle Chinese and the governments of the two countries signed a cooperative development in Pakistan over seven aircraft.
    In 1999, China and Pakistan signed cooperative development of ultra seven aircraft airframe contract.
    Two the 2001, China Aviation Industry Corporation clear super seven zero or one aircraft avionics system using "simplified program", the first development aircraft platform.
    Two September 2001, frozen "Xiaolong" zero or one / zero three aircraft technical status, detailed design.
    Two hundred two years in October, "Xiaolong" aircraft to complete the chart with the design, the formation of eight test bench, began to relevant test.
    Two hundred three years in August, "Xiaolong" the zero or one prototype made its maiden flight successfully.
    Two hundred four years in April, "Xiaolong" zero three prototypes of a successful first flight.
    Two hundred four years in June, China and Pakistan signed "Xiaolong" fighter full state avionics development and technology transfer contract.
    Two hundred four years in July, over seven aircraft was officially renamed "Xiaolong /FC-1" aircraft, the Palestinian side called "JF-17 thunderbolt fighter".
    In January two hundred five years, "Xiaolong" aircraft to complete the chart with the design of zero four frame structure, the same year in March to complete the system detailed design graph.
    Two hundred five years in November, the JF-17 thunder Fighter Zero four enter the assembly.
    Two hundred six years in early April, "Xiaolong" fighter avionics system developed complete and deliver the installed.
    Two hundred six years in April 28th, a full state of "Xiaolong" zero four aircraft first flew successfully.
