
    Zhou Weihua Tian NingOur special correspondent Hou Guorong

　　April 16th morning, the alarm suddenly sounded a hasty ringing. Just in the parent organization of the military training evaluation and won the title, known as the "land of the iron fist" Lanzhou Military Armored Regiment, organized one thousand people the car into the Tengger Desert hinterland, opened the curtain of comprehensive drill.
    Emergency call go by like the wind
    (drill) combat record time on April 16th at four fifty in the morning. Superior command Panzer regiment must be on the same day before 13 is scheduled to arrive at the area of operations.
    Five thirteen. Colonel Zhang Yongming through the radio command: "quickly enter combat readiness level!" Suddenly, the silence of the camp is like full motor machine in high gear, all kinds of vehicles to the specified location in just a few minutes. "Frontier attack group ready!" , "deep attack group ready!" Communication, engineers, anti chemical warfare, reconnaissance unit to break the system, according to the combat elements quickly added to each attack group (team), installed after the security group is tension for the battle group (team) add ammunition, oil, equipment etc..
    "To combat areas into!" Five eighteen, the head of the order, hundreds of tanks, infantry fighting vehicles lined up in three Dragon flew combat area.
    (related links) a few years ago, panzer regiment emergency pull exercises, lump collection with more than 50 minutes. This year, the group from the directorate, authority to the Battalion Detachment, has developed a set of emergency action, combat readiness level conversion, disaster relief and other combat action plan, and adhere to the irregular organization real soldiers, real pulling exercise. On the basis of this, the regiment has developed a number of portable field box, cabinet, has realized the readiness equipment packing, ammunition supply accurate, dispatched emergency procedures, the troops remote motor ability improved.
    Fight against online virtual
　　(drill) combat record time in April 16th 6 when xu. Suddenly, the report information transmission member: "Mission Command System by the 'enemy' destructive interference, command and communication interrupt."
    "Start the information warfare unit command platform immediately, on the 'enemy' interference radar, sabotage unit to conduct the search, the implementation of electromagnetic compaction and fire strike." The radio came the "Red Army" commander calm command. Soon, the "Red Army" will be "the blues" target one by one lock. "Show the Reds" information operations unit command on the screen: "enemy", a reinforced tank company is using the strong electronic jamming and smoke screen quick thrust, gap in an attempt to use the front fire raids, the implementation of the "Red Army" command attack.
    In the face of "the blues" electromagnetic interference and a surprise attack, the "Red Army" composure, gap by using "the blues" electromagnetic compaction, cleverly by commanding automation LAN constantly will be enemys bulletin, combat command to the drilling line.
    The related links: facing the challenge of new military revolution, panzer regiment established a "to the existing equipment as a platform, to wireless data network as the carrier, to combat command process as the main line, the informatization construction of overall planning for command and control" as the focus, to build up the regiment, battalion, company, platoon and squad (car) in information warfare one of the five modules, realizes the integration of Mission Command networks.
    Tekken assault attack as the tiger
    Abstract: drill record time of fighting on April 17th at 3 pm, a valley of Mt. niushou. "Zoom, zoom, zoom!" "Red Army" several mobile missile ejecting orange flames roared toward, "Blues" position, the attack on the "enemy" of the violent blow.
    As the war situation changes. The combat group (team) long issued a fire strike command. "Boom! Detonation! Detonation!" Howitzers, tanks and artillery, missile Daxian Shenwei vehicle, all kinds of fire roared to the "enemy" to the target......
    Cinderella surprise attack, as tiger. For a time, a send angry shells hit in the "blue" position, the "blue" line began to fall apart. "Red Army" in one fell swoop tackled "Blues" positions.
    With the 3 green signal lights off, drill down the curtain. At the moment, "the land of iron fist" flag flying high in the "Blues" 6 highland.
    (related links) the comprehensive exercise, the whole system into the Panzer regiment of the Tengger Desert and alpine valleys complex region, carried troops and equipment against drills. They take all factors between practice collaborative, integrated approach to practice module between the concrete content, means, explore module integration training methods, explore the background of actual combat operations marshalling, command mode, basic methods, the realization of the various operational elements within a single operational module machine integration.
