    In new network on 28 April,
    April 27th - 28 day, security work conference of national defense science and technology industry held in beijing. COSTIND party secretary, director Zhang Yunchuan stressed in his speech, "eleven five" period should solid advance security capacity building, to further improve the security control ability, regulatory ability, ability of prevention, found that the capacity and disposal capacity, to improve the overall level of security and confidentiality.
    According to the national defense science and Industry Committee News, the main task of the conference is to summarize the recent security work of national defense science and technology industry achievements, facing the analysis of the security and confidentiality of the national defense science and technology industry situation and existing problems, study deploy "eleven five" during the period of the security secret task. The meeting also clearly put forward the "eleven five" during the security and confidentiality of the guiding ideology, working principle, overall goal and main task.
    Zhang Yunchuan points out, want to put the safety and secrecy work put in an important position. We should focus on the present, focus on the long term, study and formulate to strengthen security work safety measures, to improve the local area, the system, the units of the security work to a new level. To accurately grasp the new situation faced with security and confidentiality, fully understand the extreme importance of security work safety. To accurately grasp the overall situation, adapt to the market economy and civil military integration system development and the national defense science and technology industry transformation and upgrading requirements, to provide security for the reform and development of a strong national defense science and technology industry and the development of weapons and equipment.
    Zhang Yunchuan emphasizes, security ability is an important part of the ability of industry of national defence science and technology building, "eleven five" period should solid advance security capacity building, to further improve the security control ability, regulatory ability, ability of prevention, found that the capacity and disposal capacity, to improve the overall level of security and confidentiality. To strengthen the organization and leadership, to ensure that the "eleven five" during the security and confidentiality of all tasks. One is to strengthen organization and leadership, earnestly to the security and confidentiality good job; two is to strengthen coordination and cooperation, increase the safety and security work support; three is to strengthen the responsibility assessment, the task falls to real point; the four is to strengthen theoretical research, provides the theory support for promoting the security ability construction. (Li Qian Ran Luyang)
