    The owl Dragon air craft
    CCTV disclosure China FC-1 "Xiaolong" aircraft electronic equipment, CCTV news broadcast said, in Xiaolong 04 aircraft, will be the first assembly consists of avionics system China independent development
    Qianlong.com map information
    The owl Dragon air craft
    China has independently developed the JF-17 full state aircraft successful first flight, the batch production are exported to overseas (video)
    Report from our correspondent (reporter Jian Wenmin Intern Tang Minmin) on the morning of 28, roar broke the quiet over the Chengdu Wenjiang airport. The JF-17 fighter by the new developed in China, with independent intellectual property rights of the first flight ceremony was held here. The plane at ten fifty-five to eleven eleven separated off, safe return to the airport, which lasted 16 minutes complete success. The full version of the JF-17 aircraft first flew focuses on aircraft avionics and weapons testing, yesterday all state after the first flight, aircraft will enter mass production stage.
    "Xiaolong" project is the China Aviation Industry Corporation and the Pakistan Air Force joint investment, Chengdu aircraft design and Research Institute, Chengdu Aircraft Industrial owned by the former (Group) Co. Ltd. and Chinese aero technology import and Export Corporation and other units, according to the advanced light multirole fighter international, domestic market demand for independent research and development. It can adapt to the combat environment characteristics in twenty-first Century, to meet the new demand of the development of Chinese aviation weapon equipment.
    Following the August 25, 2003 '01 aircraft first flew in 2004 June, after the development work,' the full state aircraft 04 officially launched. In 2005 March to complete the detailed design, in 2005 December completed aircraft assembly, in April 28, 2006 the successful maiden flight. The JF-17 aircraft in domestic fighter design was adopted for the first time the target cost control method, through the strict implementation of cost control in each development stage, the aircraft has a very high price.
    The first flight of the scene we see,
    'the whole state aircraft 04 "heads" than Xiaolong 01, 02 aircraft, 03 aircraft and more compact, streamline design is also more emphasis on the appearance of the body. It is understood, the 04 frame is in the previously successful first flight "Xiaolong" 01 aircraft, 03 aircraft prototype basis, has carried on the gas structure optimization design and dynamic,, using the advanced "clam" inlet innovation technology and integrated manufacturing technology and application of a number, with the most advanced domestic height Integrated Avionics and weapon systems, configuration of the international leading with good man-machine interface of the cockpit display device, it makes the overall performance and integrated combat capacity increases. In addition to using flight test in yesterday two plug-in points, 04 JF-17 body there are multiple weapons hardpoints, hanging a variety of air-to-air, air to ground weapons, with launch range missile, the realization of multi targets BVR attacking ability, the comprehensive combat effectiveness to achieve the third generation fighter.
    The personage inside course of study says, "Xiaolong" fighter full state successful first flight, laid a solid foundation for the aircraft's mass production, is China advanced aviation weapon equipment development and made a significant achievement, marks the Chinese aviation industry to achieve a new leap forward to a new generation of advanced fighter R & D, but also Chinese industry of national defence science and technology make full use of domestic and foreign two markets, two kinds of resources, successful paradigm of independent innovation. 'stunning first flight
    An outcry.
    The upper part is a wide field of view the HUD HUD below, left right there is a large liquid crystal display panel, the main information of the aircraft are concentrated in the above display. In modern air combat pilots must be to the fastest speed to read display on the instrument panel information, can be in the fierce battle to win the initiative. The use of screen graphical interface, can put the plane complex tactical situation, information is represented in the diagram of the stick out a mile. This is known as the "glass cockpit" (GlasspCockpit) of the new concept. (screenshot from CCTV)
    Qianlong Network
    The site features
    'cause a stunning first flew screaming
    The day before yesterday, after the continuous rain at night gale, Chengdu sky visibility significantly enhanced, while sunshine pierce the thick clouds, increasingly bright. On the morning of 28 10:55, with light grass green coat "Xiaolong" No. 04 steadily climbing, flying at an altitude of 3000 meters, and the wonderful performances simulated landing high difficulty movement, through field flight 3 and a half circle perfect landing. So far, most of China's new all-weather, multi use lightweight fighter Xiaolong 04 successful implementation of all state first flight. Our newspaper reporter had favour to witness the first flight of whole process, and record the "Chengdu is built" new aircraft for 16 minutes for the maiden voyage of wonderful panorama.
    Prepare for the precision examination 2 hours
    At 10 in the morning, when the reporter arrived at the test field, "flying into the group Xiaolong full state aircraft 04 first flight ceremony" red banner greeted. And the ground control tower left about 1 km on the runway, will display one's skill to the full the Xiaolong 04 waiting quietly, like a well behaved child, is receiving the meticulously careful physical examination. According to the ground dispatching introduction, early morning 8 am, the staff began to work, in order to successful first flight, a series of preparatory work in full swing. The 9 point, the slender traction machine lead, 04 JF-17 is slowly from apron area, before more than 800 meters, to designate the flying spot. Next, the first flight was nervous before a comprehensive physical examination series.
    The left and right sides are respectively connected to the fuselage long "rope", one side is the power car implement of aircraft ground power through a cable, one side is connected to the state machine test system. The sun is getting more and more fierce, a lot of depot maintenance staff have been sweating, but in order to 04 aircraft first flew a total state more hope of success, you are in charge of work.
    Flying with the black F-7 playing Sentinel
    "04 game wait for life ',' look 'F-7 god." Scheduling suddenly issue orders left and right, experienced ground introduces, this representation Xiaolong test well, the great possibility to fly. But see the F-7 slowly start to slide, and then launch ring field side of the fly, do a final reconnaissance route planning Xiaolong first flew on. Clear day, the sun is shining, black big range F-7 collecting meteorological data of the latest -- the visibility of 5 km, the wind speed of less than 3 meters, very suitable for flight! Alleged flight test if the danger, the F-7 predecessors will bear the important task of navigation.
    Launch Xiaolong 04 soar
    "The withdrawal of power car!" "The end of system test!" "Test pilots in place!" A series of quick orders with the time approaching, the first flight. I saw the test flight group super pilots dressed in green military one-piece flight suit, wearing a flying helmet, sit to the cabin. Open the front of the avionics system, test pilot seriously appreciate every touch of the aircraft, and inform the ground "all OK". 10:53, canopy slowly put down, the ground dispatching last clearance, "peng!" Red flare into the sky, flying the first show will be unveiled sign.
    "5, 4, 3, 2, 1, take off!" test pilot He Binbin right index finger heavily upon engine start button. 10:55, the plane began to slide along the runway, 100 meters, 300 meters, 600 meters...... Speed by the slow and fast, jets head slowly raise, two main gear immediately from the ground, aircraft roared straight into the blue sky. Scene cheers caper. Pleasantly surprised
    The first flight demonstration landing
CCTV disclosure China FC-1 "Xiaolong" aircraft electronic equipment, CCTV news broadcast said, in Xiaolong 04 aircraft, will be the first assembly consists of avionics system China independent development
    Qianlong.com map information
    Mode select panel HUD and weapons systems, in addition to contrast with the former one picture left of the screen display content, we found three pieces of LCD display content can be switched to each other in the Qianlong Network
    The first flight demonstration landing surprise
    "The ground, ground, I now the height of 3000 meters, the aircraft in good condition, request to maintain 500 speed, pass a flight of second ring!" 11:07, distant roar of the aircraft left the sky. The air first is the emergence of a black dot, then turned into a yellow line, and finally into silver Yan a slender, delicate from gracefully across the front of the fuselage side, slightly, naughty ground to ground the audience sideways greetings. After 3 minutes, warplanes again by far and near distance ground about 3000 meters of robust low. "The pilot is ready to carry out simulated landing demonstration!" The scene immediately in anticipation and tension. The so-called "simulated landing aircraft, is all data are the same with the normal landing, just near the ground about 500 meters power overshoot, again went." The narrator describes the test flight, landing is one of the most dangerous flying in, even if is the mature aircraft battle hardened to perform such high difficulty movement is also very carefu    l. New Xiaolong 04 was on the first flight to choose such problems, it is a pioneering work.
    I saw the plane from far away gradually approaching, more and more low height, landing gear also slowly put down, as if to wipe to the ground. Suddenly the head up, almost a "V" - shaped high thrust, again to fly on the sky, the thunderous applause and screaming, cheers resounded through the test field.
    11:10, the jets again slowly down. Aircraft landing gear touched the ground, runner and then suspended on the track "stand on solid ground" operation, go with head high and chest out of the plane gradually and parallel to the ground, the tail parachute calmly blooms...... "Xiaolong" 04 all state first flew a perfect ending!
    Reporter Jian Wenmin Intern Tang Minmin Shen Feng photography
    Zhu Jianguo China FC-1 "Xiaolong" aircraft electronic equipment
    This piece of the main display aircraft attitude and stores information
    Chinese FC-1 "Xiaolong" aircraft electronic equipment CCTV disclosure of this piece of the main display aircraft attitude and stores information
    Qianlong Network
    Chinese FC-1 "Xiaolong" aircraft electronic equipment CCTV disclosure of this piece of the main display group number three flight control operating system and the working condition of the engine
    Qianlong Network equipped with digital chart allows pilots more intuitive understanding of aircraft position
    Chinese FC-1 "Xiaolong" aircraft electronic equipment CCTV disclosure
    Equipped with digital chart allows pilots more intuitive understanding of the aircraft position, shown here is located in Sichuan Chengdu aircraft over the eastern part of Chongzhou city Huaiyuan Town, Yuantong town
    Qianlong Network
    From the rear observation shows that the volume of the system, although still somewhat larger, but compared with the traditional simulation cockpit of the original has been a great progress
    Qianlong net Pakistan Air Force Major Echsan and major Haq to 04 years in Chengdu flight JF-17 03 prototype
    The Pakistani air force major general Shahid Latif says when accepting media to interview, the Pakistan Air Force Commander Mohamed Echsan and Yule, major Haq in 2004 to 03 of JF-17 prototype test flight chengdu. It is one of two Pakistani pilots. Photograph: America "air forces monthly"
    In 2003 September, CAC group will "Xiaolong" FC-1/ "lightning" JF-17's No. 01 prototypes to China media was revealed. Photography
    The dynamic Lu Xiaodong JF-17 will use the RD-93 type engine production in Russia
    Pakistan air force major general, JF-17 Project Manager Shahid Latif said, JF-17 will use the RD-93 engine power produced by Russia, while the engine is improved by a type RD-33 MIG -29 fighters based on the use of. Photography
    Lu Xiaodong "Xiaolong" / "lightning" fighter cockpit, significantly more than the western advanced second generation fighter cockpit
    "Xiaolong" / "lightning" fighter cockpit, significantly more than the western advanced second generation fighter cockpit, but with the third generation fighter than some gap Xiaolong 04 flight test
    Shen Feng - reporter Zhu Jianguo perturbation - 04 test 04 test 'Xiaolong
    Shen Feng - reporter Zhu Jianguo perturbation - 04 test 04 test 'Xiaolong
    Shen Feng - reporter Zhu Jianguo perturbation - JF-17 04 flight test
    
