    The Fifth China International defense electronics exhibition part exhibits in China
    Beijing Unistrong group exhibition of the Big Dipper, GPS, GLONASS three in one antenna (Photography: wham)
    Beijing Unistrong group exhibited a variety of Beidou positioning receiver (Photography: the mighty)
    In April 26th fifth session of Chinese international defense electronics exhibition in Beijing exhibition hall. I hurried to the hall, going as usual first a large collection of data and then refine the ornamental. In the process of collecting information the author intuitively feel the show seems to have no freshness, several famous military units of domestic units did not launch the new models of exhibitors, only exhibited several previously participating model, data are basically not in. The author disappointed to exhibitors ask, the answer is almost uniformly scheduled exhibition models fail to pass the examination, so much to the previous products exhibition and to export products.
    The author at the venue over a days compared to found the exposition with the previous exposition has 3: the components of many units, private enterprises, strengthening multi products multi.
    Components of system integration is the foundation of the foundation, but not as good as the integrated system products that shine, can be used to describe the "unknown hero". This exhibition component unit strength is not weak, most of its products are military related units to order.
    Reinforcement computer and flat panel display is not unfamiliar to most army fans, was once the "high-tech" symbol. In fact, this product on the technical requirements of very low, production in the purchase of mature commercial AMLCD
    According to user requirements, targeted to improve, similar processing Guangdong enterprises. This exhibition of this kind of products "blossom everywhere" is the best proof.
    China's private enterprises through decades of development, belongs to the special industry of national defense projects began to jump to try. Even in the provinces to participate in the exhibition. Positioning of the private enterprises for military projects is very accurate, avoided the need for accumulation of technology projects, specializing in standard device and detection and storage equipment for a class of popularization of mature products, believe that its low price and excellent service will gradually occupy a place.
    Short day, only to see only one spot. The author hopes this article can initiate the omission is insufficient, please members only supplement. The exhibition will be on April 29
    The end of the day, the day is the last public visit and weekend, interested friends can go to watch. (the writer Claw) using wide field projection system fusion technology
    Wide field of view projection system using Beijing ruilitong electronic technology company exhibited fusion technique (Photography: the mighty)
    Western Han Dynasty in Beijing United Telecommunication Technology Development Co. Ltd. exhibited large capacity ultra wideband millimeter wave communication equipment (Photography: the mighty) coastal radar advanced model
    Ordnance industry group company exhibited advanced coastal radar model (Photography: the mighty)
    Observation instrument for armored vehicle industries group exhibited (Photography: the mighty) many state-owned No. seven eight five plants exhibited rugged LCD
    Many state-owned No. seven eight five plants exhibited reinforced liquid crystal displays, has been widely used in various fields of national defense construction (Photography: the mighty)
    Portable solar tide group on display were electric equipment (Photography: the mighty) for warning radar model
    The air warning radar model of Nanjing Changjiang Electronics Information Industry Group Co., Ltd. exhibited (Photography: the mighty)
    CSIC Tianjin Navigation Instrument Research Institute exhibition reinforced palm computer (Photography: the mighty) portable IFF interrogator
    Portable IFF Research Electric Group tenth on the interrogator (Photography: the mighty)
    Missile warning receiver and laser warning receiver CLP Group Northeast Institute of Electronic Technology Exhibition (Photography: the mighty) device on the emission of airborne decoy
    Airborne decoy Electric Group in Northeast Institute of electronic technology exhibition launcher (Photography: the mighty)
    The CLP Group Nanjing Research Institute of Electronics Technology for passive direction finding and locating radar display panels, the radar has the ability to detect very strong stealth aircraft (Photography: the mighty) low altitude surveillance radar model
    Low altitude surveillance radar model electric group Nanjing Research Institute of Electronics Technology Exhibition (Photography: the mighty)
    The CLP Group Electronic Equipment Research Institute of Southwest airborne jamming pod panels (Photography: the mighty) electronic flight instrument system
    The system task management and display control panels Chinese a navigation (Photography: the mighty)
    Electronic flight instrument system Chinese AVIC I Qingyun aviation instrument company exhibited (Photography: the mighty) 60 of the general staff exhibition Eagle -3 unmanned helicopter
    60 of the general staff display days arrow type -1 high-speed UAV (Photography: the mighty)
    60 of the general staff exhibition Eagle -3 unmanned helicopter (Photography: the mighty)
    
