    Staff do flying inspection of the Xiaolong
    Xiaolong up off the ground
    'take off
    The successful completion of the air after the action of Xiaolong prescribed smooth landing
    News source: Chinese broadcasting network
    In extensive network Beijing on April 28th news (reporter Liu Tao By Zhang Yaran) developed in China, with completely independent intellectual property rights of the JF-17 full state aircraft 04 28 in Chengdu Wenjiang airport first flight was a complete success, has laid a solid foundation for the mass production of aircraft.
    "Director Comrade, 'all state 04 aircraft first flew ready, if fly, please indicate. First flight commander Lei Qiang. "
    "First flight as planned."
    Ten fifty-four on April 28, 2006, Xiaolong aircraft maintenance, flight, field service all the work is ready, enter the flight track.
    Ten fifty-five according to the original plan, the JF-17 aircraft into the sky, the sky line.
    'the whole state of 04 aircraft, is an advanced multipurpose fighter plane the China Aviation Industry Corporation and the Pakistan Air Force joint investment, China's independent research and development, to achieve a comprehensive operational third generation fighter performance, also has light and small, low-cost characteristics, fully adapt to the requirements of modern warfare and military aircraft market demand.
    After 16 minutes of flight, 'all state 04 aircraft successfully completed the first flight of the requirements, a smooth landing.
    "Comrade, 'all state 04 aircraft first flew aerial work completed, all normal, please indicate. First flight of the Third Battalion Lei Qiang."
    "Thank you comrades, you have worked hard."
    "Salute."
    The JF-17 aircraft commander in chief Luo Ronghuai specially is wearing a red jacket, now his face full of joy: today I'm very happy, also very excited, we also completed a country gives us the task, some of the better I think we can do, we'll try to shorten the gap with the world, our country is we win honor for the nation to live up to.
