    Our special correspondent Liu Yidai newspaper special correspondent Wang Yongxiao
    The spring season, the reporters came to the The Second Artillery Force Command Institute laboratory information warfare, thick atmosphere blow against our faces. Battle lab director Zhen Mingan told reporters: "our goal is' out of the laboratory, will be on the battlefield ', now has nearly 2000 students here received against the simulation exercise."
    Simulation of "war" science war
    The future war? This is an important problem in military experts and commanders at all levels of joint attention and in-depth study of the.
    During the war years, can the war in the war, and in times of peace, can be "simulated war" learn to fight. So, how to realize the simulation of war "?
    The cultivation of fighting spirit and skills, is inseparable from the influence of battlefield environment. Only the soldiers into realistic "battlefield" environment, to temper the excellent fighting courage and skills in the "real".
    To solve these severe problems, are inseparable from a realistic "battlefield"! However, to build such a platform is not easy! For the known as the "hundred a gun" said the strategic missile forces, to carry out missile training background of actual combat, required for missile weapon and equipment, synergistic factors, operation number relative more, set the battlefield environment, it is difficult.
    To create a sense of urgency to adapt to future war needs high-quality talent affects the school up and down. President Li Tilin personally in command, run institutions, under the force, coordinate with relevant department fully research and demonstration. In their own technical force as the basis, after years of efforts, and finally to build a set of "guide and command, battlefield simulation, monitoring and evaluation, training management, comprehensive security" and other functions of the battle lab. .
    The fierce confrontation training really
    Battle Lab features is how much? In early April, the reporter witnessed a "of a certain type of missile troops combat exercises in the laboratory". See "red", "blue" command both sides according to the commander of the battlefield development trend, is decisively issued a variety of combat command. Electronic screen, battlefield situation vary from minute to minute. "The blues" the first wave of missile violent assault, "the Reds" position smoke. "Red" and "blue" armies in the virtual battlefield of wits, and "Red Army" position was hit, and "the blues" battlefield network paralysis. As the role of various participants completely put themselves into the fight, in the face of the enemy attack, some strategizing, some rush.
    A true battle scenes! According to the introduction, this is a three-dimensional visual simulation system of battle lab, which is composed of a battlefield observation module, scene simulation entity, a visual database etc., used to generate the 3D battlefield scene. With it, people, equipment and the authenticity of terrain three-dimensional feeling greatly strengthened, students training here, like the scene.
    "The laboratory is a battlefield." This is a concept deeply rooted in the hearts of teachers and students in the school. Using laboratory confrontation training, the school requires every student to enter a in a "battlefield", must enter the "battle" state, each group of students to use new equipment, combined with new methods of operation research and new subject to trial, the theory and practice, technology and tactics, tactics and training methods organically, took out his own countermeasures, encourage abilities to win in the "fire smoke".
    Seven subjects maintained a "platform"
    More surprising is, battle lab built, the armed service operation, combat command 7 discipline groups organically fuses in together. 7 discipline groups professional is different, and mutual connection, the function of teaching integration greatly enhanced.
    The software development, expand the operational function of laboratory. The hospital concentrate on developed and developing for battle command, tactics training and operational experimental study of various types of missile training simulation system, and the integrative joint operations command training system and so on more than 10 sets of software system, the system basically meet the Second Artillery Force levels of command officers raising function, training and information operations command ability of the combat command experimental research on efficiency of need, so that the battle lab be multi-disciplinary knowledge of intersection point.
    Highlight the group consciousness, the construction of operational laboratory group. The hospital to battle lab as the core, the combat command, armed service operation, tactical science laboratory, the Second Artillery Force Simulation Experiment Center, integrated command automation equipment key laboratory teaching sites and battle lab, through the online exchange, build a huge battle lab group, implementation the comprehensive utilization of resources of the cross disciplinary construction.
    Pay attention to the subject of traction, cultivating academic leader. Around the building campaign lab, the college has invested about 7000000 yuan, the selection of more than 60 topics, absorbed more than 10 Department of the faculty to participate in research, cultivate a large number of influential in the young army missile expert.
    Battle lab function expanding, and the development of an army key construction projects. Now, the battle has become a laboratory of College of information technology focus and information exchange center, professional knowledge of multi subject intersection here fusion, promote the overall level of subject construction to improve. In promoting the construction of laboratory, the Institute of the second artillery battle discipline was named the key military discipline, Battle School post doctoral research station in the Institute was formally.