    Xinhuanet.com Beijing in May 9, the army science questions: Strategy of Xing army -- leads the people's army marches on the scientific concept of development
    Reporter Jia Yong, Cao Zhi
    In the new historical period of development of the people's army, the preparations for military struggle and reform, construction, development of the task is very onerous. How to promote the national defense and army building faster and better development, effectively fulfill the historical mission of our army in the new stage in the new century?
    Central Military Commission Chairman Hu Jintao pointed out: to put the Scientific Outlook on Development implement to each field of national defense and army building and the whole process, realize the comprehensive coordinated sustainable development of national defense and army building.
    Wide cross-strait tide, the wind is Yifan hanging. Advance in the track of scientific development of the people's army, is undergoing a change rapidly changes.
    Scientific Outlook on Development: strengthen the important guiding principle for national defense and army building
    The flag of the party is the army flag. The army and the armed police force to focus on Scientific Outlook on Development this one important guidelines firmly established in army building, there have been new initiatives, new progress --
    The Central Military Commission, headquarters to make a series of deployment, issued "on the in-depth study and publicize and carry out the PLA units Scientific Outlook on Development opinion", commissioned by the National Defense University held a new stage of the new century the historical mission of our army theory seminar, the compilation of "establish and implement the Scientific Outlook on Development theory learning readers", leading cadres above the whole legion. All levels of the Scientific Outlook on Development into the study of group of Party committee center and training content into the army cadres, ideological and political education, incorporated into education, leading cadres have generally received again more than the entire legion.
    Army forces conduct faithfully perform the new stage in the new century the historical mission of our army education activities, highlight the study and implement the Scientific Outlook on Development this theme. Party committees at all levels in a timely manner to study and implement the Scientific Outlook on Development to conduct research and deployment, and combined with the army actual formulate specific implementation measures. Division level units generally write learning guidance material. Each unit by focusing on leading cadres above the regiment, promoting and driving forces study and implement.
    Military theory workers in-depth study of interpretation Scientific Outlook on Development, made a batch of high quality research, journalism, publishing, art and other units launched a number of outstanding works and books, audio books. The General Political Department of the PLA to recommend "Eight Honors and eight disgraces all notes" and other songs, sing the barracks. The army has held to study and implement Jiang Zemin's national defense and army building thought seminar, in national defense and military construction to implement the Scientific Outlook on Development forum. The troops to make development planning, research policy system, break the key and difficult problems, consciously do plan to Scientific Outlook on Development development as the basis, guide the work with the Scientific Outlook on Development as follow, inspection results to Scientific Outlook on Development as the criterion.
    In 2005 September, the Central Military Commission, the Beijing military area command of an air defense brigade forward in accordance with the Scientific Outlook on Development requirement to comprehensively strengthen the basic experience of army building, calling upon the entire army troops insist on pointing information, active as, construction work for the development of science......
    In Scientific Outlook on Development guidelines, standardization construction in our army revolutionization modernization has made considerable progress. The armed forces were reduced by 200000, moderate scale. Our army ideological and political consciousness constantly improve, in the emergence of a large number of high-quality military personnel of a new type...... Scientific Outlook on Development's basic ideas and requirements, is being transformed into great power to members of the armed forces to promote the construction of national defense and the army.
    Close combat: exercise realistic winds blow
    Aircraft, armored car gallop, visible missiles, artillery shells, see radio reciprocating missing shuttle...... The autumn of 2005, a codename "North sword - 2005" against military exercise held in Inner Mongolia the depths of the grassland.
    This troop exercises no plan, action is completely determined by the against both commanders independent. 24 countries of military observers in situ observation. China forces open and pragmatic style of work, through the smoke of war in the autumn of the show to the world.
    Looking back at the year to exercise the emergence of new changes, "the military academic" magazine editor in chief Hu Wenlong sighs with emotion: "close to actual combat, strict training, realistic winds blowing exercise."
    At the beginning of 2006, the PLA four army headquarters to an annual military training examination results report. In the past has always been to commend based bulletin for the first time in 3 by the military training a reduced to two units in the list. This examination will use "force exercise evaluation system" for the first time, from 5 aspects of command and control, remote maneuver, firepower, the overall protection and comprehensive security conducted a comprehensive inspection on the overall combat capability of the army.
    With a view to enhancing our army under the condition of information deterrence and warfighting capabilities, and how to make a fight, soldiers how to practice --
    Joint command post, sea air and space power system from different sources through the information barrier; military training field, the blue sky of the aircraft and ground vehicle maintained a "dialogue"; joint ground fire assault, helicopter carrying light mechanical attack units depth...... After two years of exploration, Chengdu military region integration training ground to air a find everything fresh and new.
    Chengdu military chief of staff Lv Dengming said this evaluation, "integrated training ground to air, ground to air forces in action to form a complete whole."
    At the same time, the armed forces have also put the future battlefield moved into the virtual network space -- with the computer network of "war laboratory". The armored car driving to the aircraft, warships operating, simulation equipment has become an important means to improve the quality and level of training military officers and soldiers.
    And the national information construction phase synchronization, in 2005, the military forces held information lectures and high-tech knowledge training of more than 7000 times. In a year, PLA units is generally carried out under the condition of information pull, drill......
    Our army military training and further into a comprehensive, coordinated and sustainable development track, and constantly enhance the ability to respond effectively to complex situation crisis, maintain peace, deter war, to win the war.
    People oriented: inspire the creative vitality of hitherto unknown.
    "From the antibacterial underwear, antibacterial socks to warm in cold region, the soldiers cotton padded shoes," a soldier for 4 years old Wang Jun a non commissioned officers of armed police headquarters, pointing to the new summer suit this year "five one" before the just issued said, "from the inside to the outside, this years new variety renewal of sixteen add up to seven."
    The perspective of the army and the armed police force over the years Laishiyu second transhipment is not difficult to find, people-oriented, traditional now such as renewal of such a uniform everywhere -- in the details
    According to the military training intensity and the supply of nutrients to formulate a scientific diet, diet structure of grassroots officers and soldiers are turning to nutrition type from the type of food and clothing; border defense line, the old wooden tower type, a sentry post, has been replaced by permanent brick and reinforced concrete structure, the sentry; remote medical consultation system at all levels of Hospital of PLA together the prevalence of officers and soldiers, no matter where, all can obtain the expert diagnosis in the first time to join the party; provided, selection, examination, sergeancy used to be considered a sensitive issue, the soldiers through the LAN public appraisal; Sergeant cultural tutorial schools and various professional and technical training courses throughout the camp......
    Bit by bit, embodies the concept of people-oriented and Army People's army.
    The jade wedge ring wrench, Yaping simulation of fuel open the valve...... Into the South China Sea Fleet ordnance technical support brigade honor room, named for Sergeant name technology and innovation results attract sb.'s attention. In the Beijing military area command of Ji'nan military area command of an air defense brigade and a motorized infantry division, ordinary soldiers participated in army training program editing; in the Shenyang military region, Lanzhou military region, from soldiers of the constructive comments written into the military annual work plan...... People oriented, inspire the creative vitality of hitherto unknown soldiers.
    The implementation of talent strategy project, is vigorously promoting the construction of raising the level of troops. In 2005 July, graduated from the youth leaders training class I in a first phase, the average age of only 42.5 year old division level cadres after graduation from National Defense University to exercise. This year, Kim fragrance season, more than 1.2 national defence army at more than 110 colleges to recruit students, and have walked into the local university campus. At the same time, our army recruited eighth female pilots also entered the Aviation University of air force, they will become the training and selection of female astronauts China reserve......
    At present, our army more combat troops think-tank led 95% with college degree or above, air line pilots all have a university degree, navy captain 100% first-line graduated from colleges, technical officers Second Artillery almost has a bachelor's degree or above.
    Scientific management: logistics and equipment construction vitality in the innovation of intermediate frequency
    The bus pulled into the military compound, the local diet company replaced force self dining room, more and more soldiers live on local economic applicable housing. With the increasing marketization, socialization of logistic guarantee of the army, army troops are centralized purchasing scale has reached 15000000000 yuan, financial savings rate at about 7%.
    "We base through the mechanism of competition, signed the living material supply agreement with 4 local companies, food distribution, gas supply, grain and oil security are delivered by them for, not only improve the efficiency of funds, and the saving rate 1 / 3." The troops stationed in Macao Zhuhai base materials procurement and supply station manager Fang Renying said.
    In July 1, 2004, the Central Military Commission in the implementation of the Ji'nan theater joint logistics reform pilot official start, logistics system reform of our army began a historic leap.
    Our army is in transition from mechanization and important period of strategic opportunities to the informationization of the great leap forward development, requires a considerable investment. The limited military expenditure manage, on the blade, with a benefit, not only is the necessary requirement of carrying out Scientific Outlook on Development, but also an urgent and important realistic subject.
    The army and the armed police force to take strong measures to ensure that the limited financial resources, to maximize the conversion for the security force, fighting capacity --
    The implementation of budget reform, the construction of management information system of military financial, strictly enforce financial laws and regulations currently in force, the following standard outlay balance rate has stabilized at more than 95%, brigade living expenses management specification compliance rate is above 85%.
    In 2005 August, the Central Military Commission approved the "opinions" of the General Logistics Department on vigorously strengthen the army of resource conservation, construction of a conservation oriented camp become.
    Our army weapon equipment construction focus on top-level design, to adhere to the information oriented, mechanization and informatization composite development road, a few years, build a batch of weapons and equipment research and production base, the weapons and equipment research and development, test, integration, manufacturing capacity and further improve, a number of new information platforms, precision guided munitions, electronic warfare the equipment being equipped troops, comprehensive security level of weapons and equipment has been enhanced, and gradually to the development of the whole life cycle management system, direction.
    At the beginning of 2006, our army equipment procurement to market reform step solid pace -- more than 20 excellent high-tech private enterprises through selection, gradually entered the pilot unit of the Wuhan army generation bureau undertakes the task of supporting the market, state-owned enterprises from more than 10 non military strength to join the ranks of the military market competition. These enterprises in the production of a variety of 20 army equipment supporting products 99.1% pass rate......
    Emancipate the mind, pioneering and innovative, positive change management leadership, provides assurance system more vigorous system for the scientific development of our army building.
    Overall: the overall situation of action compose new chapter of unity between the army and the people
    This is occurring in Shandong Peninsula scene during the Sino Russian joint military exercise --
    Start on time to ensure the marine military exercise, the city of Jiaonan to organize the masses to clean up near the sea, 7 village of about 5000 people in order to evacuation, in hundreds of fishing boats moored quietly enter the harbor, open charming tourist beaches deserted......
    Promoting the construction of national defense on the basis of economic development, the construction of national defense into the system of social and economic development, has now become the consensus of the whole society --
    In Guangdong, 3 times won the "national double support model city" of Jiangmen City, to help garrison built "garrison command information network" and "national defense education network"; in the west, around the use of the favorable opportunity of western development, new or expanded border defense highway and highway 16. And over the past year, the national thousands of universities and research institutes for troops held high technology knowledge lecture more than 2 times, training officers and soldiers to help more than 5 people......
    At all levels of government and people's support, the past traffic inconvenience, uninformed Wanli border, are now on the road. Whether it is the highest elevation of the fairy Bay army outpost, or the Pamirs to the top of the Khunjerab sentinel class, the troops have launched a lan......
    The people's army is to participate in and support the local economic construction, as their bounden duty and compose a new movement of one after another and.
    The Sichuan Tibet highway, the lifeline of the prosperity and stability of Tibet. Responsible for material transportation task of Chengdu military region in Tibet, Sichuan Tibet station cars soldiers, aided by along the 46 civilization village, a well-off village, into the snow covered plateau of a cultural landscape.
    In Hainan Island, 125 units participating in the construction of ecological civilization village has begun to take shape. In Xinjiang, in Inner Mongolia, in the vast minority area, more than 5000 soldiers and point to become an important base for promoting national unity and social development.
    Dissemination of legal knowledge, carry out change existing habits and customs, to create a harmonious community, the construction of eco homes, throughout the country more than 5 soldiers and, being the majority of the army and the people continued to give the connotation of the times Scientific Outlook on Development.
    Pu Zhai -- a few years ago, Guangxi Sino Vietnamese border marker 15 near a small village only 13 households, with the end of the border of mine, has become a modern border town merchants.
    "Looking at the border people rich day by day, we sincerely happy ah!" Stationed on the border of China and Vietnam Guangxi border regiment whistle long Wei Yuanhang said.
    The coordinated development of national defense and economic construction, harmonious unification in the tireless pursuit of hundreds of millions of soldiers and civilians in enriching the country.
      