    In twentieth Century 80 in the early 1990s, the CPC Central Committee approved series "Chinese encyclopedia" work is in full swing, the "Xiang Ying" character entries, after the General Political Department commissioned me to write an editing room, since then, I've been pushed to study English first line. Over the past 20 years, I refer to a lot of information, access to a number of direct or indirect contact with Xiang Ying's old revolutionary, to understand that a more real, more in line with the historical appearance of the items of english.
    A large number of messages about the southern Anhui incident that, of a situation analysis and decision-making mistakes, is difficult to blame a English
    Xiang Ying is one of the early leaders of our party and the Red Army, one of the important influence in the China revolutionary figures in the history of its evaluation, is also one of the controversial figure. In refer to the historical process, the formation of the discovery in 1941 January after the Southern Anhwei Incident of the historical data, the tone is critical, say he made "Right opportunism" error, even said that he "embarked on a similar to Zhang Guotao's mistakes"; and the Southern Anhwei Incident before the formation of the historical data, the evaluation is very good, some evaluation very high, central the Political Bureau December 13, 1937 "resolution" for the work of the south in the guerrilla areas, praised the chief leading comrades Xiang Ying and each guerrilla zone is the model for the study of the whole party.
    I am in search, research data, has always been to influence the Southern Anhwei Incident Xiangying evaluation data for the key. At this point, the author obtained by the central archives compilation, the Central Party School Press in 1982 January published "Southern Anhui Incident" one book, found that the central and the central leadership Ye Ting, Xiang Ying back and forth between the telegraph, the complexity of the situation, change a lot. For example, in 1940 21 November, said: "as long as Jiang Jieshi does not compromise with Japan, large-scale suppression is not possible". Again, on 14 December, said: "Jiang Jieshi is our army does not move the change reasons, has ordered Gu Zhutong to inform and to assist, so the obstacle is not". On the contrary, Jiang Jieshi did not surrender to the Japanese, has mobilized 80000 troops launched shocked the southern Anhui incident. Moreover, the New Fourth Army troops northward in southern Anhui has a clear time limit for the end of 12, due to the northward in Anhui troops as stop such as the Department of Tang Enbo East, as well as negotiations with the Kuomintang authorities of the weight, and in November 21st a cable leaves: "you can drag a month to two months". These messages that, of a situation analysis and decision-making mistakes, is difficult to blame a English, then English negation item lifetime performance shall not seek truth from facts.
    In the visit, investigation and analyzing the first-hand messages historical materials, I am not bound to the original Xiang Ying those global framework, but with the facts speak, write English (item) item annotation, in 1983 July, in October two issued to familiar with the term English case old comrades and history department, check the facts listen, then, to revise the formal report.
    In twentieth Century 80 in the early 1980s, Hu Yaobang on the encyclopedia on "Xiang Ying" entries were reviewed, and three instructions. This is an objective and impartial evaluation of the solid foundation of the English play a
    The General Political Department of an editing room pay much attention to the (British) entry item, handle very carefully, have a joint examination, the same week, comrade Li Weimin repeatedly, in December 7, 1984 in draft form, submitted to the Central Committee and Central Military Commission leaders show trial. In December 17, 1984, the then general secretary of the CPC Central Committee and Comrade Hu Yaobang, in the central office received on the same day, in the busy reading the English (item) item, make three side group.
    Xiang Ying engaged in the workers' movement that part, Hu Yaobang very concerned about. He strikes in the "leadership to participate in 1923 the Ping Han railway 'two seven' strike and the 1925 Shanghai West Japanese cotton mill workers in February, autumn 1926 in Wuhan with the Northern Expeditionary Army battle waged workers, as the captain Wuhan workers picket. In 1928 at the six big, held in Moscow to participate in the Sixth Congress of the Communist International, was elected a member of the Communist International commission. "Explanation below, leverage, all strokes thick lead with instructions for:" a party to the first revolution is also to add one or two words of affirmation? In the labor movement had what struggle of the brave? "That, Hu Yaobang to Xiang Ying in the history of this period the worker movement treasure very much, also hope to strengthen the component. Because this is a military character entries, but also by the entry word limit, it did not add.
    The term British led the southern guerrilla war a annotation:"...... In 1935 February, according to the instructions of the central Zunyi conference, and Chen Yi together, led the Red Army and the guerrillas to achieve by the transition to the dispersed guerrilla combat, with the central lost contact, the Kuomintang army ruthlessly suppress' sustainable 'extremely difficult conditions, in Guangdong Jiangxi border, led the extremely hard and bitter three year guerrilla war, preserving the revolutionary armed forces, the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee gave high evaluation. "Hu Yaobang also in the underline the leverage, further instructions:" fully affirmed the segment, good. Rhododendron aureum
    He described Xiang Ying in the formation of the New Fourth Army entry in, commanding troops behind enemy lines to carry out guerrilla war situation, wrote: "he stand on one's own principle of the Anti Japanese national united front in the lack of understanding of the Kuomintang diehards, the anti Communist plot a lack of vigilance, in 1941 January Jiang Jieshi made the southern Anhui Incident, falter, the improper disposal of the New Fourth Army, Wannan forces suffered losses of responsibility. "Hu Yaobang in the annotations to underline the leverage, further instructions:" this remark seems to be. Rhododendron aureum
    Hu Yaobang (English) in a explanatory articles make three side group, and group of over central party history lab director Hu Sheng,Wrote: "Comrade Hu Sheng please carefully considered. Three place group point of view, please drink. Rhododendron aureum
    Director Hu Sheng received do turn to item (English) entries, soon organizations, to the general secretary on the 24 December Hu Yaobang report: "the General Political Department of the encyclopedia written by English editing room (a) a, a few comrades in our Party History Research Office of research, we think, that a whole is write the appropriate. "On December 25th, general secretary Hu Yaobang see Hu Sheng director of the letter, written instructions:" agree. Back down to Wikipedia editing room. Rhododendron aureum
    Seen from the whole process of general secretary Hu Yaobang's approval (English) entry item, he will treasure of the revolutionaries of the older generation performance, is familiar with the revolutionary history, the objective judgment, but also to see his work efficiency high, a democratic style of work well. So, [the British] entry is decided. General secretary Hu Yaobang (British) approval of item entry, as an objective and impartial evaluation of the solid foundation of the English play a.
    Encyclopedia on "our" entries published, once appeared repeatedly, some people say that it is "for Xiang Ying to reverse the verdict"
    In 1986, is the South Anhui Incident 45 years, is also a British sacrifice 45 anniversary. Central party history data collection commission published "history data collection work communication", the people's Liberation Army Party history data collection commission published "history" in the data and the Shanghai people's Publishing House published "the revolutionary history data", and in 1986 first period were published author as "Chinese encyclopedia" military volumes written (Xiangying character entry), causes the academic circle and the New Fourth Army veteran comrades attention, the vast majority agreed. When in 1987 January after Hu Yaobang leaves office, some people say (Xiangying) entry is "the verdict is a british". When the popular one, said Xiang Ying 1939 May telegram opposition sixth regiment eastward, intended to illustrate that Xiang Ying opposed to fight eastward policy. But in searching the historical data, also find out the telegram, is an English 1939 October found 26 to the central of the report, said that they do not understand the west is east of the significance, is a big mistake, but has been unable to recover, to determine the first send He Kexi back to preside over the East, and soon sent Tan Zhenlin to strengthen the leadership of the South of Jiangsu East road. Unfortunately, the evidence from the opposite side of Xiang Ying to fight eastward angle of the telegraph, the New Fourth Army, has been discharged into the "Literature" (a) the manuscript, but deliberately draw down.
    Some people also fabricated a British engage in "Sanshan plan", is intended to explain his opposition to the development of the north, and keen to south. Some people even said there was a "three mountains the Xiang Ying plan in mind". In fact, Corps staff three (i.e. communication) resident in Yunling mountain built a sense agency, responsible for collecting information from the radio, "said foreign Sanshan office" (that is, three in the mountains of the office), a British often go there to see the information, is said to be engaged in "three mountains plan". Then three section chief, second he served as Shanghai municipal Party Secretary Hu Lijiao, in 1990 February by the original headquarters of the New Fourth Army, he served as Secretary General of CPC Central Advisory Committee Standing Committee member Li Yimang said in a letter: "I is also one of the people familiar with the situation in southern Anhui army at the time, I do not know what Xiang Yingtong records a 'ism' plan or say sanshan. ") former KMT third theater executive staff director Yue Xingming in the" Southern Anhui Incident experience memories "in one article, wrote:" the 1940 mid October in the executive department, a report on the meeting, director of theater intelligence room first announced a military commission desperation: 'according to accurate information, the New Fourth Army northward is false, to the south according to Mount Huangshan, in Tianmu Mountain, four mountain is established according to the true, hope to strengthen prevention, smashing the New Fourth Army of the plot' and so on. "This is the Kuomintang launched the South Anhui Incident to shirk responsibility manufacturing ammunition. While others take the Kuomintang authorities make up "retreat north is false, South channeling is really" a lie as shells, to attack a British, is really fantastic.
    It was also criticized Xiang Ying for the central about the New Fourth Army troops northward in southern Anhui indication of refusing to execute. Mrs. Zhou Zikun, with the old Red Army He Ziyou argue: you said that Xiang Ying refuses to execute the instructions of northward, those of us how from Agkistrodon evacuation out of it (at the time the noncombatant evacuation is part of what Ziyou, northward action with that man is a group of evacuated)? Make the person be rendered speechless, very embarrassed.
    Facts speak louder than words., the fact proved that, to make an important contribution to the Chinese revolution Xiangying, shining in the party's ideological line of seek truth from facts, finally got the objective and fair evaluation, but also the historical original appearance.
    [source: Beijing daily Theory Weekly; Author: Wang Fuyi, former Vice Minister of Ministry of the military Encyclopedia for the Academy of Military Sciences]
    