    In new network on 9 May,
    According to the rusnews.cn reports, the Australian Department of defence announced to participate in the construction of two helicopter landing ship (LHDAmphibiousships) tender requirements, the total value of the plan up to 2000000000 Australian dollars.
    Two helicopter landing ship will be named "Kanbiela" and "Gela Ida", in 2012 plans to equip the Australian Navy, used to replace the active "card Nimes Bula" and "Manora" landing ship. According to the plan, in early 2007, the Australian Department of defense will determine the design scheme of the new helicopter landing ship and the final choice of the builder.
    At present, the Australian Department of defence is working with two national military enterprises -- ADI company and "Jay Nicks" company to develop a new design scheme of the helicopter landing ship. In the stage of construction, the two companies will be with the European builders joint work, in which ADI company with the French "Alma LISS" companies, and state-owned "Jay Nicks" the company will cooperate with the Spanish "nano Wanji o" company.
    It is reported, "drainage design in accordance with the Australian Navy requirements Jay Nicks" company and "nano Wanji o" company quantity is 27000 tons of new warships, and ADI company and "Alma LISS" company design drainage capacity of 22000 tons of ships. At present, "O Na Wanji" company is for the Spanish Navy to build new ships, it meets the requirements of the Australian Navy to a great extent, and the French "Alma LISS" company has delivered the first French navy ship displacement of 22000 tons of ships, and is ready to deliver second this ship. Therefore, analytic personage thinks, "Alma LISS" companies will win the Australian Navy helicopter landing ship bidding procurement.
    According to the design demand, each ship helicopter landing ship for a total length of 215-230 meters. Allegedly, the Australian built helicopter landing ship will be one of the largest ships in Asia Pacific region and amphibious capability is the strongest. Every ship to have a fully through the flight deck, both 6 medium lift helicopters (NH-90) of the landing point, can hold at least 12 helicopter hangar and outside carrying 4 ships landing ship medium.
    In addition, according to the demand of army, Navy standard requirement of personnel every ship helicopter landing ship carrying amount is 900-1000, may also carry other repair, security personnel and the landing craft parts. Although the outside thinks of every ship needs at least 250 sailors, but the navy to through the use of automated systems to reduce the number of crew and supplies cost. (Zhang Tian / Ya Long)
