    In new network on 9 May,
    For the media reported that the United States had recently sent to Taiwan to count the number of stinger anti-aircraft missile sales to Taiwan, "in case into the hands of terrorists". "Deputy Secretary of defense Zhu Kaisheng Taiwan" 8 acknowledges, the United States have a similar behavior for all sales targets.
    According to news agency reported, although the United States recently sent to Taiwan to "observe" Hankuang exercises, to assist Taiwan army set up joint combat capability, but on the other hand also worry that Taiwan army "out of control", so for the Taiwan military weapons and equipment special "kept", in addition to check whether the station in the development of nuclear weapons, in recent years has also repeatedly concern the Taiwan military development of cruise missiles in strategic weapons, and even even in the number of pricker missile procurement has to the United States for many years, American troops were sent to Taiwan will not regularly check inventory, in order to prevent this kind of weapons for control problems into the hands of terrorists, and brought to the outside for civil aviation machine terror attack.
    Taiwan Army senior also said, the United States did require annual table in the lancet inventory list provides missile, which contains the number in each exercise test must explicitly account, they would not regularly sent to the Stinger missiles equipped army and Marine Corps ammunition for the number of inventory, a less. Test needle missiles such as "Han" exercise, the United States will not only to observe whether the destruction at the site hit, afterwards will re count ratio, control strictly.
    But also the personage thinks, American was in monitoring missile will not drain, but Taiwan army and not the U.S. military garrison troops in Taiwan, have no right to come to Taiwan to examine even counted, U.S. these moves fully display does not trust in taiwan.
    It is understood, American past in the sale of Taiwan air force AIM-120 medium range air-to-air missile, the missile will not shipped to Taiwan, but placed in Guam; the cover story was "encountering the CPC against", also worried the cross-strait military so imbalances, but the reality is not trust Taiwan in the use of the missile, in order to avoid air force because of the combat capabilities of leading and bold fire on the liberation army. Until the Liberation Army to obtain the same level after the Russian missile, the United States and Taiwan to the mainland to worry about air defenses before began to tilt, delivery of AIM-120 missiles to Taiwan.
