    The protection of the military of intellectual property rights into the most important issue
    The Russian "Kalashnikov guns" rights
    The writer Li Ge
    In April 28th, Rosoboronexport spokesman Valery Cartavtsev announced at the press conference held for foreign journalists, the company will use all means, to stop the illegal manufacture and trade Kalashnikov automatic rifle. His explanation says, Kalashnikov production series guns enterprise intends this to the judicial organs complaints, at present the lawyers are preparing the indictment.
    Rosoboronexport assistant general manager Nicola Shvets said, there are 11 countries without a permit under the world, began production of the Kalashnikov rifle. In addition, 18 countries produce Kalashnikov rifle license has expired, and the agreement is still signed as early as Soviet era.
    Prior to the Russian military technical cooperation committee meeting, "the military protection of intellectual property rights" has become the most important issue. President Putin believes must through the legal protection of intellectual property rights and requirements of its military, to adjust its military technology products export regulations.
    According to the survey of relevant aspects of Russia, currently with Russian made weapons based production of high-end military products, occupied 1/3 of the arms market, which Russia has lost a huge economic interests. If the actual action to protect its military intellectual property, the Russian military equipment to sell will increase one times.
    Russia that violated military intellectual property rights the most obvious example is the Kalashnikov submachine gun. Some countries from the last century 50's began to Africa countries a large number of export imitation of the product. In addition, the Russian made air defense missile, the T series of tanks also have many imitations, Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, Poland...... Almost all countries used Russian weapons, are more or less imitation, and the imitation products for export.
    Rosoboronexport move, be regarded as the Russian military intellectual property protection has sounded the clarion call.
