    Britain and France in May 3 to the UN on behalf of other members of the UN Security Council submitted a draft resolution, some of the wording in the resolution for the use of force against Iran may America foreshadowing, though whether the resolution through still unknown, but American or busy drill.
    The United States to talk directly with Iran
    According to the Russian bond news network reported, Britain and France represents hope that relevant parties can in 8 recently finalized the draft resolution content. The draft demands that Iran suspend all uranium enrichment and processing activities, according to the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations "or" the seventh chapter, may consider the economic sanctions or other compulsory measures. Russia's permanent representative to the United Nations 3 days has said, at present the parties on some issues remain far apart, but Russia insisted that the sanctions and military force cannot resolve the Iran nuclear crisis in front of.
    According to Russia's "Morning News" reported on 5, American Secretary of state Rice said: "USA and Iran for the game is too costly." American Department spokesman 3 days also said, American refused to hold direct talks with Iran about the proposition. America do, is nothing but to put pressure on Iran at the same time, also to the European Union, Russia and other pressures. Pakistan "Daily Times" web site recently reported, America President Bush visit to Pakistan in March, has asked USA experts questioned had to Pakistan expert Kadir Khan Iran leaking nuclear secrets, which naturally let Pakistan feel unhappy.
    Although France is one of the 3 Council submitted a draft resolution to countries, but French Prime Minister De Villepin 4 in monthly held a press conference said, "convinced that military action is not the solution to the nuclear issue of Iran way", because Iraq is one of the best examples.
    USA wants to occupy the "red state"
    Mention of the war in Iraq, is undoubtedly a piece of heart disease USA, therefore, how to play America in whether the Iran issue very carefully, do a lot of exercise. RIA Novosti quoted an article recently published "new USA news and World Report" magazine said, USA last week held a "2006 unification seeking" simulation of military command exercises, exercise results in July 31st will be in the form of a white paper released, its purpose is to help each department "the United States government plans to improve and coordinate the pre conflict, and these before sending troops to Iraq is obviously insufficient".
    Imagine the exercise of the two sides of a is in the Caucasus area near by America support "Southeast European Federation", another is bordering the south of Russia by the Russian support for the "red state". During the exercise, the US led multinational forces then troops occupied in last year "red state", the mission of multinational forces this year is to vigorously support the newly established "Southeast European federation". The "red state" American imaginary is an Islamic country, has a history of 2500 years, 82000000 residents, the area roughly equivalent to the California USA Alaska, is one of the important oil producing state. It has the ability to produce nuclear weapons, and weapons of mass destruction, enough to make a threat to resource and caused many countries involved in military conflict. "Red state" is a regional power, but in 2020 will become a world power, and to destroy the area supported by the West non Islamic forces.
    The exercise was held last week at the Pennsylvania state American Army Military Academy, 350 officers and soldiers took part in the drills, representatives from USA State Department to observe the exercise. Staff said, the exercise was "very interesting, very successful", but "no one will win a decisive victory". According to Russian media reports, the U.S. military in the last year also held named "similar exercises 2005 to seek reunification", when the armed forces of the imaginary enemy and this is very similar, but the result is, after 6 months of fighting, America victory.
    Russia and Iran lukewarm response
    Russia "KM" web site reported that, as long as it is slightly international political common sense, the above description is not difficult to analyze the American virtual "red state" is obviously alluding to Iran. The site commented: "America politicians continue to show to the international community, it is possible to solve the nuclear issue of Iran by force. Another interesting fact is, Russia is still USA military and ideological enemy." But Russian military experts believe that, America on Iran's military exercises and training is very targeted, actually have to the regular, open degree.
    On the "red state" were against such exercises, Iran people are not interested in. In the face of the draft resolution on the 3 day, Iran's foreign minister Mottaki 4, pointed out, the UN Security Council is to defend the peaceful place, Iran's nuclear issue is a technical problem, should not be politicized. Iran 3 military also deny the "if USA attacks hit Iran, will be the first to attack Israel" speech, said that only Iran's Revolutionary Guard brigadier general Dehani's "personal view". (in Russian special correspondentYao Yushan)
