    As a common style of military training, if who took exercises said to acting, it is mostly criticized exercises do not realistically do not seriously. In fact, exercise, acting has a "play" the word, and "play" intention refers to the practice according to the program, there is no judgments of the points. Maybe, this is "in accordance with certain program", will easily make exercise into the "acting" routine, also made acting suffered misunderstanding.
    This paper is trying to say is, acting is actually not easy thing, the most basic requirement is to let the audience look like the real thing. The opera "white haired girl" just when performing, under the stage the soldiers to North Korea and Taiwan's "Huang Shiren" shot, this is the real drama by the. Whether on stage or film, TV drama, actors or avatars for making realistic effects, is really, really, really fall play hardship, really hard, to produce the audience really satisfied with quality, visible to act can not be scorn or ridicule. Some scenes, or literary works, for training exercises have strong implications. Win universal praise of "land mine warfare", was as a military combats filming, anti Japanese soldiers and civilians developed "composite Lei", "hair to", and it is helpful for us today, the reform innovation tactics of equipment; beginning in the "defense" individual teaching pieces on the use of the film "hero" Wang Cheng carried walkie talkie in children blasting tube into the enemy position, holding the camera, as individual defense paradigm. Political workers put the film "Amazon" as a revolutionary visual teaching material of heroism, military commanders can also be from the development of physical training and field survival and unexpected terrorism training sentiment. As for the TV series "the expulsion of the captain", "missile brigade", not only let us see the military weapons and equipment modernization process, also can strongly feel the progress of the times and the concept of knowledge update urgent.
    I had no intention of advocating putting drills into acting, just say we should seriously from the act must also be inspired by the vivid, promote the "actual combat training exercise". 比如，演戏反对老套路、模式化，讲究矛盾迭出和剧情起伏，演习也应该根据信息化条件下局部战争的非接触、非线性、非对称等特点，善设险局、危局、僵局、残局甚至败局，逼迫指挥员在艰难险恶的态势中寻求胜敌之策；演戏讲究矛盾双方旗鼓相当、龙争虎斗，不允许出现武松虐猫之类的事件，演习也应该增强对抗性，培养过硬的“蓝军”部队，营造敌强我弱的战场态势，逼迫“红军”官兵以劣胜优；演戏即使是对最普通的群众演员也要求从表情动作到服饰都符合剧情，清兵不能穿现代装，僧人不能穿解放鞋，否则就是穿帮，演习更应该把实弹、实投、实爆贯穿其中，引导官兵在仿真战场上练技术、练战术、练作风、练纪律，让“红”“蓝”双方在预定的有形战场和无形战场上斗志斗力、斗智斗勇，如此等等，当然还可以例举出许多。
    Further from the essence, the referee test acting is the audience, exercises to test effect is the outcome of the actual combat. The play is not good, the result is at least less some applause, box office income lower. Training and exercises into acting, it will cause casualties, fight the future battlefield defeat, even the country consequences. In this sense, the exercise is the war, is not dramatic, not again repeat test shot, so be sure that you don't set plan, indefinite defense, not put to practice, strict, from the real from the fine...... So, it is possible on the big stage of the new revolution in military affairs, Yanwu apprenticeship, exercise lineup, until the interpretation of a magnificent era grandeur.
