    Russian military attache of the country such as the concept Momeiritai training
    On April 24th to 26, American and Thailand hosted a multi-national joint military exercise "Cobra Gold 2006", launched in six provinces of Thailand. 11300 America, Thailand, Japan, Singapore, Indonesia and soldiers, firing, here in anti-terrorism special war, disaster relief and many other subjects of practice, China, Russia and other countries are invited to watch officer.
    "Cobra Gold"
    The US Pacific Command and the armed forces of the Thailand command announced in April 23rd, Mattel presided over the multi-national joint military exercise "Cobra Gold 2006", held from April 24th to April 26th.
    According to the commander of the armed forces of Thailand introduction, this is the twenty-fifth time the annual exercises in Southeast Asia, is the largest U.S. military exercises, including 96 people in Indonesia Singapore officers and men, 15 people, 40 people of Japanese, American and other officers and soldiers are the armed forces of the Thailand.
    "Including the Cobra Gold 2006" exercise specific subjects: Mattel combined with real soldiers, computer simulation of peacekeeping operations, humanitarian disaster relief, anti terrorism special operations and so on, among which the Japanese self defense forces to participate only in computer simulation exercises and disaster relief operations.
    "Cobra Gold 2006" exercises range including Thailand's six provinces -- government, Lopburi, Nakhon Nayok Oh force, Taiwuli Fu, Fu Rayong and Chanthaburi government.
    Japan in the symbolic significance
    For exercise intention, Alexander Aviju, Deputy Consul General of the U. S. ambassador to Thailand Pavilion said: "based on what we learn from the lessons of India Ocean tsunami, from future similar disasters, multi reaction is a kind of mode. In order to better respond to future disasters, we trained together very valuable."
    During the exercise, the Japanese Self Defense Forces in symbolic significance. Tactically, the Japanese self defense forces to send 40 soldiers to participate in the exercise effect is not big, but the maintenance of the United States and Japan in Asia Li, Yi has the strategic significance of the deep.
    One is to strengthen the US Japan and Southeast Asian countries the military strategic relations, at the same time, in close cooperation with the ASEAN countries defense, eventually form the area of Southeast Asia Multilateral Security Cooperation System to American as the core, and further enhance the USA intervention in Southeast Asia affairs.
    Two is the move USA, considered American to strengthen relations with Japan, the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue common to handle.
    Three is to achieve breakthrough on the constitution. Exercise content including disaster relief, so that the self defense forces, Japan Defense Agency official to participate in this exercise, there has been no problem in law, making excuses for Japan to avoid the "Peace Constitution".
    Russian military attache to observe
    According to the United States Pacific headquarters press officer said, Mattel the invited attache China, Russia, Australia, Bangladesh, Brunei, Fiji, France, Germany, Canada, India, Italy, South Korea, Malaysia, Mongolia, Nepal, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Sri Lanka, Tonga, British and Vietnam observation. "Cobra Gold exercise" Annual Congress different observers. Because of limited space,, in order to let more countries have the opportunity to participate in this kind of exercise, only the annual selection of different countries to send observers to the.
    China officer was started in 2001 to observe the "Cobra Gold exercises.". According to one observe exercise Chinese officer Description: at the beginning of breathtaking scene, is the Thailand soldiers American Marines model classes -- in the tropical jungle, how to capture the fierce snake, to obtain the survival.
