    The military crisis management mechanism in Japan talks
    The newspaper editor in chief Qiu Yongzheng
    Recently, former Japanese Defence Minister Yamazaki Taku's visit to China, and exchanged views on Sino Japanese and China high-level military crisis management mechanism. The matter immediately caused Japan's Kyodo news, "Asahi news", "Sankei Shimbun" and other mainstream media attention in japan.
    Japanese officials: it is necessary to construct the military crisis management mechanism
    In April 20th, former vice president of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan, Prime Minister Koizumi's henchmen, former defense chief Yamazaki Taku, in Beijing and China Strategy Institute president Xiong Guangkai meeting suggested, it is necessary to construct the Sino Japanese military crisis management mechanism: "(happen) event is possible, so I suggest that we should construct a set of crisis management mechanism. I especially think that, in keeping the government level consultations at the same time, must have the crisis handling mechanism of a politician's hierarchy, to let the politicians to solve problems."
    Yamazaki Taku said: "although this is only a good suggestion, but I think we have reached a consensus, that is, we need a mechanism of crisis management."
    The afternoon of April 27th, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang held a regular press conference.
    Qin Gang answered a reporter's question, said: "the two sides should properly resolve the concerns and problems between each other through dialogue and consultation,...... As for (in the construction of military crisis handling mechanism) specific proposals, the relevant departments will be studied China."
    "Air defense identification ring" is Japan's unilateral delimitation
    Yamazaki Taku in the necessity of building that Sino Japanese military crisis management mechanism, for example, earlier this month, the National Maritime Bureau announced the China East China Sea waters of a ban on ships, the results caused Japan's dissatisfaction, but this was to solve, not lead to greater dispute.
    Yamazaki Taku also cited a number of Chinese military reconnaissance plane appeared in the "air defense identification ring" for example.
    However, in the above examples of Western media quoted Yamazaki Taku, was careful to stress that, said Japan "many examples of ambiguity", for example Chinese reconnaissance aircraft appeared in the "Air Defense Identification Zone" can not say anything, because "the ADIZ" is delineated single aspects of the Japanese, and Japanese airspace is different.
    As for the Chinese warships appeared near the East China Sea oil and gas also belongs to the Chinese waters, cannot explain Chinese on Japanese "threat".
    In fact, Japan very much hope that USA President Bush when meeting with China President Hu Jintao, mention the Sino Japanese dispute in the East China Sea, but USA official told Kyodo news reporter said in a meeting with President Hu Jintao Bush, chairman of the White House, no mention of the East China Sea issues, this let Japan "very unhappy".
    Scholars agree: Japan should set up the mechanism of crisis management
    However, Yamazaki Taku about the construction of military crisis management mechanism in China and Japan suggest, get a lot of scholars agree.
    Hongkong veteran commentator Qiu Zhenhai wrote last year "Japan should establish crisis management mechanism" in an article called for: "(Japan) and U.S. politicians if a have farsightedness, it should be between the potential strategic conflict and neighboring fundamental interests, to find a compromise on the road, and even try to gradually resolve the former the latter.
    "Japan did in Taiwan, East China Sea, the Diaoyu Islands of energy and the U.S. - Japan security issues such as the occurrence of strategic conflict may.
    "These problems seriously poisoning in both folk atmosphere, is likely to spark a conflict accidentally, be triggered at any moment. In other words, if not both folk and peaceful atmosphere, everything is so political do, may disappear in smoke because of a tiny chance......
    "One of the key to remain relatively flat and folk atmosphere, is to set up a crisis management mechanism, in order to deal with the political relationship between the two countries in any possible outbreak of various contradictions and conflicts.
    "Japan to establish crisis management mechanism, should be said that there is the political basis, that is, as mentioned before, the two sides political figures recognise a responsibility to save or improvement in relations between China and japan."
    Nearly half of Japanese think there is the danger of war
    At the same time, the Japanese people to war is worried. The Japanese government in April 29th announced a public opinion survey, 45% of the Japanese believe that Japan has the danger involved in war, far more than that there is no danger of 16.5% feel a sense of crisis, one of the highest in the calendar year is also the investigation.
    In be asked about "may be involved in the war's reason", 77.4% of respondents believe that is because "the tension and opposition" of the international situation, 29.8% of the people the answer is because "the United Nations functions not fully", 19.1% of the people the answer is because "self-defense ability is not enough", 17.3% of people think "because of the Japan US security treaty".
    According to reports, the Japanese Cabinet Office survey to 26 implemented from February 16th this year, respondents to the national 3000 adult men and women.
    