    Russia may help us made aircraft carrier China declined
    Foreign media said, the Russian Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister Ivanov earlier this year was the suggestion to the Chinese, willing to help China to build an aircraft carrier, but Chinese has said that at present, has no intention of building aircraft carriers. Foreign media infer Chinese military "indefinitely" to put aside the idea of building an aircraft carrier, to focus on the development of air attack power and nuclear submarine. Data figure: Chinese medium-sized aircraft carrier from Minsk, Russia's acquisition of
    The British Journal quoted the Russian news said: what Chinese declined Russian help made aircraft carrier is expected to join the fifth generation fighter development
    In April 28th, Singapore "Singapore United Morning Post" and Russian news agency reported, said the Russian Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister Ivanov a day earlier in Beijing the Russian press center, Chinese if interested, Russia will consider selling China the new Su - 34 fighter bombers, but does not rule out the development plan to Chinese participate in fifth generation fighters, which at the same time mean China is likely to give up the development of aircraft carriers, and will focus on the new air force.
    Russia may help us made aircraft carrier
    Chinese declined
    Military observers believe, Ivanov's speech is significant, he confirmed to a considerable extent, Chinese is likely to give up the development of aircraft carriers, to focus on the new air force.
    The British "Jane's Navy international" in February this year, quoted the Russian news said, Ivanov earlier this year to the Chinese proposal, willing to help China to build an aircraft carrier, but China has said that at present, has no intention of building aircraft carriers.
    International military analysts, China unintentionally made aircraft carrier is very wise: first is the carrier of the cost is too big. For example two conventional powered aircraft carrier of the Royal Navy being built, each ship will cost at least 2500000000 pounds, this still does not calculate with fighter. More importantly, the carrier can not fighting alone, they have various types of warships, submarines, supply vessels and advanced electronic reconnaissance, provide support and protection for its. Therefore, the international military analysts, China even to building an aircraft carrier, also have a few decades. In this case, China government wisely in the 90's of the last century, flatly rejected Spain and France offered to sell the aircraft carrier. In 2003, the The Pentagon in submitted to Congress USA report stated that, Chinese military "indefinitely" to put aside the idea of building an aircraft carrier.
    In fact, Chinese idea has undergone fundamental changes -- not to play the carrier made aircraft carrier! This includes Chinese vigorously strengthen the conventional and nuclear powered submarines, strengthen advanced surface ships, increase of Russian and domestic advanced strike fighter. May the selling China Su - 34 invited China R & D fifth generation fighter
    Foreign media said, the Russian Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister Ivanov earlier this year was the suggestion to the Chinese, willing to help China to build an aircraft carrier, but Chinese has said that at present, has no intention of building aircraft carriers. Foreign media infer Chinese military "indefinitely" to put aside the idea of building an aircraft carrier, to focus on the development of air attack power and nuclear submarine. Data figure: Chinese medium-sized aircraft carrier from Minsk, Russia's acquisition of
    Foreign media said, the Russian Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister Ivanov earlier this year was the suggestion to the Chinese, willing to help China to build an aircraft carrier, but Chinese has said that at present, has no intention of building aircraft carriers. Foreign media infer Chinese military "indefinitely" to put aside the idea of building an aircraft carrier, to focus on the development of air attack power and nuclear submarine. Data figure: Chinese medium-sized aircraft carrier from Minsk, Russia's acquisition of
    Let China to sell Su - 34
    Invited China R & D fifth generation fighter
    Russian media reports, Russia proposed sale to Chinese number frame diagram 22M3 long-range bombers, but did not get the Chinese respond immediately. This machine in August last year the limelight in the exercise with Russia, was passed Chinese intends to introduce, by exercise to see their performance. It seems, the pen 's still not clear.
    But, Ivanov but in publicly disclosed, there will be a group of Su - 34 fighter into the Russian air force this year. When asked "Chinese buy such aircraft is a possibility," Ivanov said, if the Chinese are interested in, Russia does not rule out this possibility, the two parties can negotiate this issue.
    In addition, Russia is promoting the "Fifth Generation Avionics Integrated Project", the outside world has long been rumored to China interest high, as there is no opportunity to participate in, Ivanov said: "I cannot be excluded, in the long run it is possible." But the frequent shuttle between China and Russia Ivanov do not deny that, these are still a long way to go, including the two sides need to solve a series of economic and legal issues, such as China and Russia has not signed the protection of intellectual property rights and other related agreements.
    In fact, Russia intends to invite China to participate in the fifth generation fighter R & D thing early statement. In April last year, "Sukhoi design bureau" to win in the Russian fifth generation fighter tender, led the research project approved. In addition to the Sukhoi design outside, MIG airlines and Yakovlev Design Bureau will also participate in this project. The production of the Russian fifth generation fighter aircraft, mainly in order to fight against the F-22 "Raptor" America, the plan could cost $1500000000. The model plan which first flew in 2006, formally put into operation in 2010.
    In the early ninety century, American began formal development of multipurpose next-generation fighter - Joint Strike Fighter, plans to replace the US Air Force F - 15E, F - 16, A - 10 and F - 117, F - 14 of the Navy, Marine Corps AV 8B, the British Navy Sea harrier and air harrier aircraft. It uses more than one machine type design, a total of conventional type (CTOL), carrier (CV) and short takeoff / vertical landing (STOVL) type three models, respectively, to meet the different requirements of army, corps. Production of 3000 aircraft ready to Britain and the United States, other countries, plus the purchase, production is expected to total joint strike fighter is 5000 to 6000 aircraft. The Russian side estimation, Joint Strike Fighter once into the world aviation market, the Russian fourth generation fighter Su 27 and MIG 29 will lose competitiveness, which forced the Russian concentrate all our efforts on development of new aircraft.
    According to the Russian air force data judgment, this new type of fighter flight weight of 20 tons, between the MIG 29 and Su 27. The new fighter will also meet accepted standards of future fighters, namely the super maneuver performance, not easy to be found, the supersonic cruise etc.. Access to technology to obtain funds from the east from the West
    Foreign media said, the Russian Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister Ivanov earlier this year was the suggestion to the Chinese, willing to help China to build an aircraft carrier, but Chinese has said that at present, has no intention of building aircraft carriers. Foreign media infer Chinese military "indefinitely" to put aside the idea of building an aircraft carrier, to focus on the development of air attack power and nuclear submarine. Data figure: China from heavy attack aircraft carrier Varyag, Russia's acquisition of
    Xinhua net
    Access to technology from the West
    To obtain funds from the East
    According to reports, the Russian fifth generation fighter in the technology have made a great breakthrough, especially Su37 Golden Eagle swept and test results of the Sukhoi Design Bureau, so that the new fighter technology more mature. Can say, the Russian fifth generation fighter has no major problems in technology, the key problem is money. Russia ready to use several channels to resolve: first, the national defense orders allocation, which is the main source of funds; second, program participation units of self financing, the source for military technical cooperation benefits; third, attract strategic partnership funds; fourth, the absorption of CIS countries (the first is in Belarus and Ukraine) and some other countries to participate in the this research project. According to expert estimates, the Russian fifth generation fighter not more than $30000000 in the international market, and can completely and American Joint Strike Fighter price competition.
    Russian aviation industry source said, if different other countries in the world together, short-term inside Russia cannot be developed the fifth generation fighter. In order to seize the domestic and international aviation market, experts and the Russian State Research Institute of aviation system, put forward the "access to technology, obtain funds from the east from the west, by the mode of international cooperation" open development of fifth generation fighter advice.
    Therefore, the head of the Russian Sukhoi design bureau last year had said at a news conference, the Sukhoi Design Bureau to set up offices in China, developed and would like to invite China participated in the fifth generation fighter. India defense official said, India is also preparing to put forward the development project to join the fifth generation fighter aircraft from russia. Ivanov earlier this year was the suggestion to the Chinese, willing to help Chinese to build an aircraft carrier
    Foreign media said, the Russian Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister Ivanov earlier this year was the suggestion to the Chinese, willing to help China to build an aircraft carrier, but Chinese has said that at present, has no intention of building aircraft carriers. Foreign media infer Chinese military "indefinitely" to put aside the idea of building an aircraft carrier, to focus on the development of air attack power and nuclear submarine. Data figure: China from heavy attack aircraft carrier Varyag, Russia's acquisition of
    