    The artillery performance: PLZ-05 overwhelming
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Photograph: people.com.cn
    With the China PLZ-05 type 155 mm howitzers appearance, in Japan, Korea, the three countries of East Asia have 155 times 52 mm caliber self-propelled howitzer. The same as the God of war in the family China upstart, PLZ-05, Japan and South Korea 99 type K-9 who is better?
   The artillery performance: PLZ-05 overwhelming
    From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort. 45 times the diameter of the PLZ-45 type appeared in public as early as 1988, self-propelled howitzer artillery will have in the world. It launched Chinese self-developed low resistance all bore extended range projectile at a range of 30 kilometers, shooting a low resistance base bleed projectile at a range of up to 39 kilometers, only slightly less than 52 times the diameter of 155 mm gun.
    In after 17 years apart, China military to create new PLZ-05 howitzer in range and trajectory on the superior, foreign military analysts said the artillery launch low resistance all bore of the base bleed projectile range of more than 50 kilometers, Chinese newly developed rocket increasing range of base bleed projectile range of up to 70 kilometers.
    In contrast, the Type 99 and K-9 in this aspect is quite satisfactory. They fired general shrapnel a maximum range of 30 kilometers, a maximum range of base bleed projectile launch up to 40 km, two gun was essentially flat in the range, in the world 155 mm howitzer also can say is the medium level, and PLZ-05 is still a big gap between the.
    Shell species, PLZ-45 type with 6 kinds of projectile fuze, 3 species, 4 kinds of propellant charge, the charge number of the remote 7 full bomb, bomb shape is jujube with advanced aerodynamic technology. Shells are: low resistance remote full bore fragmentation blast grenade; low resistance of remote full bore bottom row grenade; low resistance of remote full bore bottom row submunition; low resistance of remote full bore flares; low resistance of remote full bore bottom left smoke bomb; low resistance of remote full bore yellow phosphorus. PLZ-05 you can use all the bullet, it can also Chinese newly developed rocket increasing range of base bleed projectile and laser guided projectile. In addition, it can also use the M-107 NATO standard 155 mm shells.
    K-9 type can transmit all NATO standard 155 mm ammunition, including he-frag, fragmentation blast base bleed projectile, rocket assisted projectile, cluster bombs, smoke bombs, flares and chemical bomb. In addition, also can launch various types of full bore extended range projectile, which comprises a bottom row type (such as K307 type full bore increasing range of base bleed projectile). 99 Japanese style with ammunition have not yet been released, but it certainly is, it can transmit standard NATO 155 mm ammunition. The charge for the 99 new type propellant. According to the combination, can transmit 1~6 cartridge to achieve different range. Automatic filling system: basic quite
    PLZ-05 self-propelled howitzer is developed based on homemade PLZ-45 self-propelled artillery on the
    Exercises in Japanese Type 99 self-propelled howitzer
    Automatic filling system: basic quite
    The automatic loading system has been one of the weaknesses of previous China military industry, PLZ-45 is used in semi automatic filling system, need to be manually loaded into the emission charge loader. Therefore the maximum firing rate it is limited in 4-5 rounds / min, sustained rate of fire of 2 rounds / minute. To overcome this disadvantage, "Jane's Defence Weekly" said China introduced Russia 2C-19 self-propelled artillery technology for PLZ-05. 2C-19 equipment, high degree of automation of the automatic loading system, the maximum rate of fire of 8 rounds / min to achieve the. If this is true, PLZ-05 self-propelled howitzer in this respect has reached the advanced world level.
    South Korea and Japan K-9 Type 99 self-propelled howitzers have adopted the automatic loading system. The maximum rate of fire of K-9 type for 6~8 rounds per minute (3 minutes), rapid rate of fire of 3 rounds of /15 seconds, sustained rate for 2~3 rounds / min (1 hours). 99 type the maximum rate of fire of 6 rounds / min, rapid firing rate of up to 3 minutes 18.
    From the transmission speed, in the use of the automatic loading system, whether it is PLZ-05, K-9 type or the 99 type are not weak in ANSI M109, Russian 2C-19 and Germany PZH2000 the world advanced artillery, is basically at the same level of technology.
    Maneuver and protection system: Each one has his good points.
    "Jane's Defence Weekly" said crawler chassis PLZ-05 self-propelled howitzer is still following the PLZ-45 turret, appearance and Russian 152 mm 2S19 type self-propelled howitzer with turret similar. PLZ-45 type self propelled Howitzer with full welded steel body, total weight 29 tons, fighting the whole weight of 33 tons, of light weapons (100 meters to 7.62 mm AP projectile), grenade fragment has the better protective effect. The maximum output power of 525 horsepower, maximum road speed of 56 km / h, maximum 450 km journey.
    The Japanese Type 99 self-propelled howitzers body is aluminium alloy armor all welded structure, fighting the whole weight of 40 tons. But due to the use of a 600 horsepower engine, which makes it a highway maximum speed of only 49.6 km / h.
    South Korea K-9 self-propelled howitzer battle total weighing 46.3 tons, but because it is the same with the German PzH2000 engine type gun, to 735 kilowatts of power, so the maximum speed of K-9 reaches 67 km / h, 360 km highway travel.
    In contrast, PLZ-45 weight is the lightest, the protection ability is relatively the weakest. But because the 155 mm gun belongs to indirect fire support, defect protection ability is not prominent. While the lighter weight but also conducive to the Artillery Tactical and strategic mobility, in this sense, also make up the deficiency of previous part. Automation and information technology: PLZ-05 look forward to strive for further improvement
    South Korea K-9 self-propelled howitzer
    The PLZ-05 model appears on the 2005 Beijing Airshow
    Automation and information technology: PLZ-05 look forward to strive for further improvement
    Early launch of PLZ-45 was in the international market to beat us M109 self-propelled howitzer was awarded the Kuwait order, this shows that the overall capacity of PLZ-45 has been approved. But had to admit, it in the digitization, systematization and automation with the world advanced level there are still large gaps. PLZ-05 in the development of early more emphasis on information and digital, so its capacity should be improved.
    And incomplete data, are separated by a layer of mysterious "veil" compared to the PLZ-05, Japan's 99 self-propelled howitzer has more advantage in the digitization and informationization. Fire control system which has high automation, with automatic diagnosis and automatic recovery function. Although the GPS system is not mounted cannon, however, inertial navigation device is provided with a car (INS), can automatic calibration of their own position, and can be and new field command system (FADAC) information sharing. So, from the gun into position to launch the first rounds, only needs 1 minutes, it is easy to take "hit and run" tactics, can quickly transfer positions. Fast flexibility so is needs to put down the spade and stable body PLZ-45 do not have pre launch.
    In addition, Japanese onshore militia artillery equipped with remote observation system in unmanned observation machine based field firing command system, coupled with the new development of the information-based degree, in supporting equipment is not only beyond a large portion of PLZ-45, is also better than that of South Korea's K-9 self-propelled howitzer.
    K-9 self-propelled howitzer fire control system with high degree of automation, from into position to launch the first shot just a minute, this point and the 99 type is quite. But still depends on remote observation unit provides battlefield intelligence way of advanced information system, and it is not matching.
    Conclusion: PLZ-05 is better Chinese
    Integrated front the visible, China PLZ-05 self-propelled howitzer in overall performance is better. A wide range to ensure it against counterbattery fire when the survival ability is stronger in the battlefield, lightweight body to make it more conducive to deploy. If it has been in the information and digital aspects of words, it will completely overwhelm the K-9 of South Korea and Japan Type 99 self-propelled howitzer. Digital reconnaissance, command vehicle PLZ-45 attachment
    Digital reconnaissance, command vehicle PLZ-45 attachment
    PLZ-45 dedicated digital reconnaissance, command vehicle Chinese from Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine"
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: exercise PLA each type of gun
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: China development field artillery system PLA artillery exercises in each type has spare no effort
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: exercise PLA each type of gun
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: People's Liberation Army of various types of artillery exercises in the Chinese gun technology level can be called the world's leading indeed
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: exercise PLA each type of gun
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: People's Liberation Army of various types of artillery exercises in the Chinese PLZ52 type 155 mm howitzers to fire 52 times more can be said for "an overwhelming advantage"
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: exercise PLA each type of gun
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: the figure of PLA artillery exercises in various types of data: the exercises in the people's Liberation Army Artillery
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: exercise PLA each type of gun
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: the figure of PLA artillery exercises in various types of data: the exercises in the people's Liberation Army Artillery
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: exercise PLA each type of gun
    Long ago in the liberation army of new artillery official media appearances, PLZ52 type body painted three color camouflage 155 times 52 mm howitzers like gun. From the Soviet / Russian "big artillery doctrine", Chinese development field artillery system always spare no effort, Chinese gun technology level is indeed can be called the world's leading. The article thinks, compared with Japan, South Korea column model of PLZ52 type China cannon, 155 mm caliber howitzer 52 times leading comprehensive strength, can be in more firepower accounted for an overwhelming advantage called "". Data figure: exercise PLA each type of gun
    