    Britain's "Jane's Defense Weekly" reported in April 26, 2006 the United States and 8 other F-35 "Joint Strike Fighter" (JSF) the project participating countries on cooperation negotiations already the next phase of the project nearing completion, but the transfer of low detectability (LO) technique is a focus problem.
    Because Britain and some other countries are required to independently maintain buy their own F-35, so we must discuss about this problem, because the machine to keep the LO capability required regular maintenance and inspection of the. Software licenses are also related, because F-35 is a multirole fighter a software driven, operational flight software is the key to it using the LO advantage.
    The key to this problem is: if all F-35 will have the same stealth? In this regard, the JSF project officials can not have no right answer.
    The machine's main contractor Lockheed Martin Corporation vice president Tom Burbidge said, the United States occupied and exported to the British F-35 will meet the requirements of the United States and Britain combined operations document signed (JORD), and exported to other countries F-35 just meet for the country's custom combat requirements document (ORD), and ORD of the latter will not violate the relevant policy in the United states. In other words, beauty equipment, the British F-35 will use the same type of machine and other countries different stealth technology.
    Stealth technology is regarded in the past as a secret, but will decrypt the information integrated in the past few years, the LO object will have a relatively clear understanding of how the F-35 implementation. Implementation is a systems engineering of the stealth target. But the American stealth technology pioneer Dennis Obajose (Denys Overholser) once said, stealth design of 4 of the most important aspects is: "shape, appearance, shape and materials".
    For the aircraft, in the shape of the body surface should avoid perpendicular to each other, and with the incident radar wave is perpendicular to the direction of. F-35 shape can be regarded as continuous surface inclined upper and lower and upwards or downwards component, each other through the convex ridge line interface. Machine on the corner, cap edge, joints and hinge line except the proper conduct of stealth processing, but also the use of absorbing material (RAM).
    The principle of RAM is simple, is to use carbon or ferrite and other active materials absorb RF energy is converted into heat. Some developed by the US RAM as Have
    Glass radar cross section (RCS) reduction component part, along with the Lockheed F-16 fighter widely exported (including spraying in coatings and radar cabin inlet RAM). Outside the United States and many countries also developed RAM. The present development hotspot of this field is to use and easier to maintain than further improve performance.
    F-35 RAM development target is in the plane the whole life period of basic needs only a visual inspection. If there is damage, can be specifically identified and quickly repair is completed by and stored in the portable computer sample image contrast. F-35 project team and the coming through the test aircraft (will evaluate the tolerability of the RAM) and the 1 frame body to study the full size.
    Now, the consensus is for stealth shape design with a simple RAM can reduce RCS. Obviously the export type F-35 shape will be unified, the application of RAM technology is very extensive, therefore achieve stealth performance of different should through the wave absorbing structure (RAS) and software to. At present, the shape design and RAM LO aircraft mainly for high frequency radar, using RAS could further weaken the ability to detect low frequency radar, and long-range air defense early warning radar basic uses low frequency operation. The internal details of structure can according to need to modify.
    But even with high performance broadband RAS scattering wave plane, there will still be one with the frontal orthogonal, by controlling the aircraft maneuvering to avoid the peak alignment to enemy antiaircraft radar. F-117 is through a ground mission planning system to realize this point, so its flight path rigid, and to ensure that the flight environment around the radar threat known (in the absence of the electronic jammer with support case). B-2 through airborne electronic reconnaissance system and threat avoidance system to realize this, but F-22 and F-35 have airborne real-time task planning ability.
    Escape key radar technology is capable of calculating threat radar any known type of detection signals in airborne software, which can determine the aircraft's threat avoidance route. This software is highly sensitive, because from which data can be analyzed how to detect stealth aircraft, which is the United States adhere to the reason why not to provide source code. However, if the export type F-35 stealth characteristics of American and British different (software will also be amended accordingly), then these data even if the leakage, will not pose a threat to American and British aircraft.
    At present, America is considering manufacturing stealth performance and low number of F-35 for export. However, this will lead to another problem that must be considered in the future -- beauty, Britain and its allies F-35 how F-35 cooperative combat?
