    The Russian Chechen rebel "full declaration of war" Chinese delegation to observe the anti-terrorism tactics
    The Russian one after another large-scale military exercises
    The newspaper editor in chief Qiu Yongzheng
    According to the Russian news agency Itar Tass news agency,, Interfax reports 25 days, within a week, Russia held one after another alarming scale anti-terrorism exercise and multinational synthesis of military exercises, including one to use the force of up to 32000.
    Military exercises of this scale is clearly not "routine" can explain the. Independent military analysts, Russia so frequently held large scale military exercises, have increase anti-terrorism efforts in internal and external double meaning -- is the internal, external force is reinforced to resist. Attract sb.'s attention is, China delegation to observe the Anti Terror drill 32000 officers and men to participate in the study of Russian hostage rescue, anti robbery stealth operation.
    30000 officers and soldiers
    Large scale anti-terrorism exercise
    From 24 onwards, the Russian armed forces and law enforcement agencies held very large scale anti-terrorism exercise close to the Chechen Southern Federal District, 32000 officers and men to participate in this 4 day exercise.
    According to Itar TASS reporter 25 days from Don Rostov reports, commander of the Russian interior ministry troops Nicola Lou admiral Godin said, this is a the command post exercise, exercise to coordination of the armed forces and law enforcement agencies in the Southern Federal District anti terrorist and stable regional situation "". He said: "the exercise involves 117 command organs, 60 interior ministry troops, 32000 officers and men of the defense department and other law enforcement agencies to participate in the."
    Lugokin also said, "A false thing becomes true." may exercise, sudden expansion arrest Chechen terrorists action: "in the exercise, in the script is completely true, probably we exercise will have real results -- to arrest terrorists."
    Lugokin said, the exercise location distance Chechen only about 600 km, the subjects included firing, the Department of defense the regular army and the Department of the interior and SWAT anti guerrilla warfare, stop terrorist attacks, rescue hostages and so on.
    Lu Goggin confirmed, China delegation to observe the exercise, this is part of a collaboration between the Russian Ministry of internal affairs and the Ministry of public security of the China. The Russian Interior Ministry press office staff said, Chinese delegation will seriously study the Russian special forces is how to rescue the hostages and anti hijacking.
   Attract sb.'s attention is, this exercise is second times of large-scale anti-terrorism exercise held within a week of the same area. Last week, is in the Chechnya's forty-second motorized infantry division had held a similar exercise, the use of chariots and artillery to destroy the enemy "".
    Russia's lead organization of multi-national joint exercise
    Strategy of unusual significance
    According to Itar TASS, CIS G8 held 25 one-day large heads of headquarters air defense exercises, were deployed 80 frame long-range aviation aircraft, A early warning aircraft - 50, Su - 24 and Su - 27 of the aircraft and helicopters. Exercises were conducted over 10 combat drill, including stop state border destruction and terrorists hijacked airplanes. The Russian Air Force Commander, general Vladimir Mikhailov, the large scale exercises command from the Russian Air Force Central command.
    The 22 day, CIS countries special forces Magov in the mountains of southern Tajikistan canyon area held a multinational joint Anti Terror exercise. More than 700 special forces soldiers in Russia, Belarus, Tajikistan and Armenia took part in the exercise. Exercise the script, 45 terrorists soldiers scores road from neighboring seeps into Tajikistan, ready to attack the local nuclear power plant, aluminum factories and bio chemical plant, the result was a special forces cut off.
    Russia held so frequent exercise in a short time obviously has general significance. Military observers said the analysis:
    One is to strengthen anti-terrorism efforts. High counterterrorism exercises held on the occasion, is the Chechen rebel spokesman U Du Goff is vowing to "full declaration of war" of russia. Last weekend, U Du Goff in an interview with Chechen separatist armed website said: "our minimum target is not to surrender, that goal has been achieved. Now, we embarked on a different task -- to Russia to all-out war, any we can hit the opponent of war. We will not only focus on the scale of the attacks, more to see the effect, this means that we will launch more large-scale attacks in Russia anywhere." U Du Goff emphasizes, guerrilla warfare has spread to the entire North Caucasus: "when it is ready, a point will be the big bang. It must explode, just a matter of time! "
    In this case, Russia held a large-scale military exercises, apparently for the purpose of Chechen separatist armed.
    Two Russian foreign increase overall against the force of. The atmosphere of the cold war between the United States and Russia more and more concentrated, to American led West to promote Russia frequently, in this case, Russia was forced through the exercise, show the will and determination.
