    NANPENG Island garrison even: Pacific unsinkable battleship
    They were stationed in the "sea of Shangganling"; their outstanding performance in the 10 exercises; they like "super girl"
    NANPENG Island - the fishermen living deal island but was a "the most lovable person", they are "Guangzhou military officers and soldiers South Peng garrison" model company of friends. The company officers and men never afraid of difficulties, they fight with high temperature, finish the task of training in the sand the surface temperature of more than 60 DEG C; they and visit more than 100 times a year typhoon bucket, a hold down, and learn to "swallow nest base a mouth with mud", back a bag of fertile soil, stone in the 0.34 square kilometers island built Mini garden; all these years they took part in major exercises 10 times, after the successful completion of the task.
    For many years stationed in the traffic inconvenience to the island, the officers and men are not self enclosed, busy, they also like the "super girls", occasionally playing computer game "CS".
    Environmental Science
    Summer beach temperature exceeding 60 DEG C
    Recently, the reporter after 2 hours of bumps came to the island by landing craft. "Attention, Tu sunscreen, otherwise one will be intense ultraviolet light tan skin burn." At that moment will be landed on the island, Captain Wang Dexun reminded reporters. At this time is at 10 pm, the sun is shining, the waves are battering at the island, and a blossoming "on the Isle of flowers" is not resigned to playing second fiddle to the Sun Xiang Yang Ju to open.
    The island's dog "Black Panther" to see the company commander back, rushed to shore "tearful" crying. Under the scorching sun, two soldiers armed to the teeth on sentry duty, some teams will patrol around the island.
    The company commander Wang Dexun told reporters, summer noon, the sand surface temperature more than 60 DEG c.. The typhoon season, the Pacific island rolling waves, flying sand and rolling pebbles, torrential rains, people whenever and wherever possible are likely to be involved in the vast sea.
    NANPENG Island cannot produce food, even the water of life are very short, all life activities depends on the mainland supply. From Shenzhen rich Li Festival says there are difficulties, it is traffic difficult; two is the postal service is difficult; three is the hard water. Fortunately, the wind generator is mounted on the island, electricity is not a problem.
    Although food can be transported from the continent to the hoarding of storage, not fresh vegetables. To solve the vegetables, is a matter of island living event. Island wind, acerbity salty sea breeze blowing, the dish was cured death, storm is over, the earth was all taken away. The officers and men will learn "swallow nest base a mouth with mud", the use of travel, learning, and vacation, to wait next island time, back a bag of fertile soil. In order to wind, in the stone heap built up a piece of "pocket" garden. Now the company vegetable self-sufficiency rate reached 90%.
    Stationed in South Peng Island, typhoon is common, on the island for a year, at least the size of typhoon blow nearly 100 times. Sometimes the wind is a month. Last August, the strong typhoon "level 12 Durian" accompanied by a torrential rain hit the front Island, the typhoon has not passed, the next typhoon and biting his tail over. 10 above the level of the wind blew continuously for more than a month, as the island grain reserves replacement, to keep the ship dock several times were not successful, island officers and soldiers eat vegetables, eat pickles, eat rice, eat soybeans, grain eating vegetables, eat pigs beet, sweet potato leaves. Similar to the South Peng, officers and men, accustomed to.
    Drill
    In 10 major military exercises
    The Pacific waters. A high technology under the conditions of the coastal defense combat drills is intense. "Red Army" advocacy group all the way to follow, uninterrupted implementation of psychological warfare. The number of road flow in artillery support, will come from the air, sea strands of landing "enemy" annihilation in the beach.
    This is a coastal defense combat drills held shortly before the. The organization of this drill is to guard in the Pacific island of NANPENG island coastal even. The company commander Wang Dexun said: "the important strategic position of NANPENG Island based company officers and men, must cultivate excellent fighting spirit."
    In the South Peng officers and men's eyes, to participate in military exercises, each detail from daily life each aspect, is fighting spirit, culture, style of combat and combat effectiveness of the. They insist on strict management and strict requirements, strengthen the sea drift propaganda regulation, repeated education officers how to correctly treat the enemy heart war counterespionage. Although the island is close to the international routes, enemy spy heart war counterespionage frequently, sea drift reactionary propaganda materials were found, but the company officers and men do not listen, do not pass, and resolutely not letter, into the island for 40 years without any problems.
    In order to strengthen the understanding of the enemy, the company set up a special research team collected the enemy, the enemy of geographical, operational style, weapons and steal Deng harassing tactics situation. The company has successfully realized leap by training type to combat type.
    Over the years, the company has participated in joint exercises 96, South 2000 exercises and Southeast Coastal exercises such as the 10 major military exercises, after the successful completion of the task. Known as the Pacific Ocean on a ship unsinkable battleship "".
