    The Taiwan military rifle debut new Bian guard first facelift
    Luo Shanai
    According to Taiwan's "United Daily News" reported that Taipei ", to strengthen the garrison" fighting force, the Taiwan military logistics 205 Arsenal overtime, finally completed the first task of production more than ten thousand branches T91 assault rifle. Responsible for the personal safety of Chen Shuibian Taiwan military armored brigade and the "military police headquarters", are at the end of 4 when the T91 rifle is completed. At present external Chen Shuibian residence outside shot gendarmes, have begun to armed with T91 rifles on duty.
    Joint factory 205 boast, T91 rifle is a "set of technology 5.56 mm caliber miniature rifle big winners", in addition to U.S. M16 rifle retains the advantages of mechanical structure, modular design of the key functions of the mechanism is also one of the characteristics of. In order to make the soldiers in the operation more handy than T91 rifle, Taiwan army T65K2 rifle light half a kilo, with almost USA carbine, according to repeatedly in direct contact with the T91 rifle soldier said, T91 shooting feel like take the submachine gun like, easily outside there is a sense of security, in the similar street fighting in the T91 environment, the rifle can play the heavy firepower.
    To meet the needs of the war on terror, the gun muzzle is added in the special clamping seat, can device for laser calibration device and the spotlight, P Cutting Ni slide rails above the casing modular, can be conveniently installed optical or optoelectronic night sight. The T91 rifle with bayonet is also very strange, bilateral edge blade has special lines design, when the knife knife cards shoots connected behind barbed wire, can be used as cutting scissors, but also can be used as field can opener.
    According to Taiwan "Eastern news network" report, protection for 20 years the T65K2 rifle is now poor state, problems continue to. Originally, according to the plan, Taiwan army is allocated a NT $1800000000 budget in early last year, used to replace the T91 rifle, but Chen Shuibian for "foreign" gift, 101162 branches of the T91 rifle pre production to become Chen Shuibian "transit" UAE "gift". The matter by the media exposure, the "Tun Pong gift" was forced to cancel, the Taiwan army finally got this batch of new century rifle.
