    The Greek "Luna" 30 mm double barreled antiaircraft gun
    According to the French "HangYu defense" reported recently, since USA came to the air strike on Iran's nuclear facilities in Iran rumors, preparing for action quickened. Iran has been on the ground to build from more than 1500 sets of various range air defense missile formation of multilayer air defense network, but Iran's military is still not assured, in recent times sent abroad to investigate various types of air defense weapons, including the Greek "Luna" double barreled antiaircraft gun caused by Iran's military interest. Iran's military hopes to purchase a number of "Luna" anti-aircraft gun, used as the inner layer of defense to defend Iran's nuclear facilities "". However, HangYu "defense" said the deal is currently difficult to finalize, because American and NATO could not say.
    "Luna" by the Greek state Herron Nick's arsenal, entered service in 1988, the existing equipment of the Greek defense forces and the Cyprus national guard. It is mainly used for low altitude air defense, blocking the attacking aircraft and missiles. It can also be used against ground armored targets and various soft targets. Traction type is "Luna" ack ack. It is on the March state gunner 8.02 meters, 2.39 meters high, fighting the whole weight is 7.4 tons, maneuver ability quite strong. It consists of 3 Gunners left and right gun gun operation, each with 1 loader, match with another striker 1.
    "Luna" two tube 30 mm caliber cannon mounted on the motor has high performance of the 4 round of the gun carriage. The FLIR tracking device and tracking radar can independently and rapidly detect, capture and track the target. Antiaircraft gun with the search radar and radar tracking mutually independent and dual radar system are integrated, so as to improve the ability of rapid fire control system of target interception. Computer automation management operating system and tracking antenna, the combination of gun servo system, shorten the reaction time, the system response time less than 6 seconds. "Luna" also has the ability to multi-target attack fast conversion, conversion time of less than 6 seconds.
    "Luna" anti-aircraft gun adopts hydraulic drive automatic leveling device, shorten by March state to combat time. Its double gun tube one minute can be fired 1600 shells, the effective range of 2~3.5 km, this is Iran is most worried about the air defense of the weak link in. On air targets, it can according to the armor target selection grenades, grenade or tracer tracer semi armor piercing projectile; deal with the ground target can be semi armor piercing shrapnel or apds. Compared with the national service of small caliber antiaircraft gun, "Luna" muzzle velocity is very high, of the air target killing effect is more obvious.
    "Luna" has the advantages of simple structure, convenient operation and maintenance; gun low profile, easy concealment; module type fire control system to improve the use of flexible, day and night, or all-weather use, and the price is relatively cheap, each system includes 3 artillery, command and control system and vehicle costs $about 4000000. There are reports, Iran intend to purchase "Luna" after the installation of muzzle velocity measurement device for. After having this kind of speed measuring device, can be timely revised the shooting deviation caused by the change of the muzzle velocity of the projectile; even because of the influence of season, location and temperature and other environmental conditions and the initial velocity change and in multiple shooting because of barrel wear and make the muzzle velocity changes, fire cannon firing accuracy is not much change.
