    USA seems to have been committed to upgrade their "strike first to gain the initiative" strategic strike capability. The latest news that Bush, government is seeking to develop a ground-based laser weapons, the powerful can even destroy the enemy satellites in orbit. However, the implementation of the plan does not seem to smooth.
    Be afraid to encounter Pearl Harbor "space"
    According to the American "International Herald Tribune" 4 reported, the government this Bush for laser weapons research more than 10 years ago, the Clinton government's plans for space weapons more ambitious. According to the The Pentagon official said, the Clinton administration in 1996 in the form of an executive order approved development "counter space system and the necessary conditions to use offensive space system". In 1997, American military from New Mexico to a Chinese spacecraft launched laser beam. However, USA was not published experimental results revealed that, until recently, the ship did not suffer any damage. In 2001, a committee USA Defense Secretary Rumsfeld issued a warning, if not accelerate the pace of development of space weapons, America is likely to encounter "space Pearl Harbor incident". Since then, the name is "spark" space weapons programme started.
    "Spark plan" to attract scientists on a series of major suit. Their most important work is the manufacture of artificial stars through the laser beacon, serve as a space. "Spark plan" another "hero" is a large telescope, its main lens up to 11.5 feet in diameter, can capture the faint starlight, can also reverse direction operation, namely laser guide space. Of course, this is a research project open, there are a lot of research is not known.
    A The Pentagon is responsible for supervising the space laser weapon development senior officials in an "New York Times" when the interview said, "spark plan" is a prudent and necessary, because "the next few years to a few decades, USA need to protect their satellite from attack", "the White House wants us to develop space defense, we have the ability to protect the orbit of the satellite."
    Some people fear a space arms race
    "The general goal of spark plan" is "to obtain a unique technology for the manufacture of high energy laser weapon". A powerful laser can destroy satellites, but the atmospheric turbulence will be scattered and attenuated laser beam. The current laser weapon American R & D by optical technology as the foundation, the use of sensor, computer and movable mirror, measurement of atmospheric turbulence caused by the refraction angle, correction of laser emission direction. The laser light emitted from the ground and sky, after the adjustment of the angle, the laser beam generated very powerful, very destructive.
    Laser weapons program is part of a space attack and defense weapons large R & D program, the secret, but in February this year, America air force will be planned budget documents submitted to Congress, finally let the plan of exposure. Although there is no agreement and the legal limit USA development of such weapons, federal officials but introduced laser weapons research all anonymity, because the subject was "too sensitive". Since this year is the congressional election year, the White House to worry about weapons program space on elections, recently more is to eschew. USA Republicans and Democrats last week in the House Armed Services Committee also decided by consensus, the research budget delete laser weapons from the fiscal year 2007 budget. Congress said in an interview, because the weapons program space has not been widely discussed, could be controversial. This resolution reflects USA bipartisan are cautious about this.
    The House Armed Services Committee on May 3rd USA again project budget discussions, Democrats in Congress and some experts criticized the plan ", will add fuel to the flames for space arms race, will eventually damage the interests of USA". In fact, US senator is clear, American on military satellite dependent maximum, regardless of navigation, reconnaissance or attack warning, America depends on it. "Once the arms race in space to upgrade, USA military satellites will become a key target of the enemy."
    Therefore, the House Armed Services Committee 3 days to make the decision to suspend the weapon, research. California Democratic congressman Sanchez issued a statement, thanks for your cooperation to Republicans, because the plan "may make the space become the weapon test field". While Washington folk organization Defense Information Center thought, the suspension of the weapons research resolution "more significant", because "this is the first acknowledged congressional Republicans dominated, weapons business space needs public audit."
    Just "baby step"
    American concerned expert thinks, the Republican controlled Congress will continue to adhere to the attitude, it is less clear, because of this plan, the air force has conducted secret research for several years, the government also support them. Previously, "spark plan" has been buried in the numerous space research project, do not attract sb.'s attention. Now the army in the new fiscal year budget and make it "list, and a grand" hang "advanced weapons technology", the plan therefore become more attractive.
