    In new network on 8 May, in the middle of the day in the early morning mist shrouded, South Sichuan somewhere, a helicopter array airport, quietly waiting for their master. Army Aviation College Undergraduate flying cadet flight test is about to begin.
    Today's "Liberation Army Daily" reported that, known as the "air Qingqi" army aviation is an assault force of future information warfare. 4 years ago, a new generation of army aviation pilots in the college recruited first with bachelor degree. According to the school a training the commissar Yang Minglong introduced, this group of students after 4 years of training, rely on perseverance conquer flying on a hurdle, step by step, landed on the fly to the sky ladder.
    Nine fifteen, dressed in a new generation of helicopter flight cadets flying students special equipment, calmly stepped into a new helicopter cockpit, teachers help them to check the safety belt, flying in front of all ready, Junbao reporters boarded the No. 07 helicopter, recorded the whole process of China Army Aviation Corps, a new generation of flying cadets soar to great heights.
    The cockpit, flight cadets skillfully open the various device for final inspection before the flight, then debug, electricity, drive...... A skilled movements with ease. 2 minutes later, "bang!" A green flare into the sky. Deputy head Cheng Xinguang promptly issued a first command flight student graduation appraisal: "07, take off!" Flying cadets quickly pull rod, loose rod, oil extraction, pedal...... A series of coherent motion instantaneously, Warhawk ran up, into the north. Eagles followed, launch sequence.
    Warhawk alternately far Dun, disease wings and low hover. At this time, flight cadets Song Lei wearing Headset, grasping the joystick, be absorbed in driving a helicopter, looking calm. He said that before the flight, which is a flight training, and is a challenging test flight cadets, we are fully prepared.
    "Wind 4-5 levels, the sudden change of weather, please pay attention to the flying height." I think the commander loud voice. Various parameters of students while Su Liang calmly to the flight commander report, the side quickly adjust the flying attitude, 1 minutes later, he successfully through the "storm". Subsequently, the helicopter quickly shuttle in the mist, waving wings to fly toward the distant. To know the understanding, this is a difficult topic setting in the graduation examination.
    Saw in the training field, the sky filled with mist, flight cadets action in place quickly, excellent airspace flight, hovering in the air, landing and other flight courses completed field. Imperceptibly, it was almost noon twelve thirty. A frame hawk to draw a beautiful arc in the sky are aligned, airport runway steadily falling. (Tian Qiang Zhou Jiawang)
