    Won the "naval personnel construction of advanced personal pacesetter" of Ma Weiming, at the age of 41 was selected as academician of Chinese Academy of engineering; Navy Lieutenant, 23 year old PhD student Wang Dong, take one of the three key techniques of the national "fifteen" an important pre research project research task. The navy in accordance with the "advanced culture, extraordinary measures, supernormal development" ideas, open up "the overtaking lane" to expose the innovation ability in the field of high-tech youth cadre of science and technology become entrepreneurs to a group of young talents to stand out.
    In order to meet the need of information construction of the army, winning the information war, the Navy from 2004 since the implementation of talent strategy project, has introduced 38 specific measures and 5 policy supporting documents, to speed up the training of high tech field of young talent as the key talent construction process. As the rapid growth of a variety of modes of talent opens "the overtaking lane".
    In the new task. Naval test area will be the original innovation task of the missile test and control system software, gave 14 average age of less than 24 of the young people. Research during the period of 8 months, these guys live and eat in the laboratory, the design scheme of hundreds, tens of thousands of procedures, underwent successful test two major control task, the results won the two prize of Army Science and technology advancement.
    Through subject education excellence. The Navy Equipment Research Institute, a Research Institute of the implementation of the "one two five" training program that young cadre of science and technology report research to participate in the first year, second years as a project leader, 5 years of scientific research. At present all 80% subject leaders are rapid culture through this mode, the 20 young people under the age of 35 was promoted senior engineer.
    Help great people to formulate "route chart". Naval Aeronautical Engineering Institute electronic information engineering department leader, Li Tingjun found that young teachers scientific research ability, will help him develop tracking the forefront of academic research goals and plans. In 5 years, Li Tingjun in the national core journals published 60 papers, with excellent academic achievement was named professor.
    By major military practice experience and training talents. The combat readiness training, major exercises, and Chinese and foreign joint military drill voyage visit military practice, provides a broad stage for the youth talent talent, rapid growth. Professor Shen Zhihe Dalian naval academy has participated in major exercises to gain practical experience, constantly enrich the research results, to become the army and navy of multiple major tactics and engineering projects "expert group" members. (reporter Si Yanwen)
