    In the days of the fifth round of strategic dialogue in Beijing yesterday held at the Diaoyutai State Guest House, the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Minister Yamauchi Masataro and Vice Foreign Minister Dai Bingguo Chinese respectively to attend. Today, the talks will be held to Dai Bingguo hometown, Guizhou Province Guiyang city.
    The China Japan relations in difficult to break the ice, the vice foreign ministers in May last year opened the Sino Japanese strategic dialogue has become an important channel for communication between the two countries.
    So far, four round of dialogue has been involved in the textbook issue of the Yasukuni Shrine, the East China Sea oil and gas issues, problems, and the resumption of high-level dialogue on issues such as.
    As for the dialogue, Yamauchi Masataro in the Sept. 1 press conference said, to the Chinese proposal in his 3 day Chinese for, in this month in Qatar meeting of the Asia Cooperation Dialogue (ACD) foreign ministers' meeting of foreign ministers to japan.
    In October last year, Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi once again visit the Yasukuni Shrine, in high-level dialogue from interrupt.
    According to the previous Japanese media reports, in February this year was held in Tokyo Japan in the fourth round of strategic dialogue, Japan told China called for a resumption of talks between the two countries summit, foreign minister. This time, once again raised the resumption of bilateral high-level dialogue, visible with Mr Koizumi retired shortly, the Japanese side to find the breakthrough diplomatic level, restoration of Sino Japanese relations.
    Entered in 2006, the Japanese economy and private persons in China are increasingly frequent, intending to trade, folk friendly forces to ease the diplomatic relations between the two countries stalemate. In the Japan China Friendship Group Seven during his visit to China, China has made clear, as long as Mr Koizumi to stop visiting the Yasukuni Shrine, one can realize the bilateral high-level visits, but the Japanese cabinet did not give a positive response.
    On the contrary, the Japanese politicians still often spread on the Sino Japanese relations not harmonious sound. Early last month, Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Aso once again openly Chinese military threat. During his visit, Taro Aso also said, in the Sino Japanese relations, the Yasukuni shrine is not a problem, the contradiction between the two countries is the rapid economic growth of the China. (reporter Wang Qing from Beijing)
