     Two men, including a Chinese suspected of involvement in the former Iraqi regime of Sadam to export communication equipment worth $27000000, in May 1st was USA federal court, prosecutors accused their charges of colluding with the China a state-owned enterprise with conspiring to Iraq the illegal export of communication equipment. Overseas Chinese to spy was arrested and not what happens, coupled with the U.S. military involvement in Iraq today, be in a nice hobble, experts remind, Chinese, overseas Chinese, Chinese, overseas personnel outside of the future be rather baffling to become a scapegoat situation there may be, we should all take a heart more.
    Sadam is pointing to sell communication equipment
    Connecticut and Boston media and AP are rapidly carried a report. The Associated Press reported that the two men were Chinese businessman Andrew Wong of 59 years old and 81 year old Thomas. They were charged with conspiracy to act as his agent, Thomas is also accused of lying to federal agents. Thomas is currently on bail awaiting trial, Huang will be in recently "appear". If convicted, two people will be convicted and fined.
    Prosecutors said that Huang has an export company named Mark Andrews, Thomas Mader international business company. Two people suspected of working for China a state-owned enterprises, from 1999 to 2001, in the United States did not obtain permission, privately to Sadam Hussein Iraq exported for long-distance communication equipment, optical fiber transmission system. This behavior, in violation of international sanctions in 1990 after Iraq's invasion of Kuwait American formulation.
    The Federal Bureau of investigation USA Connecticut anti espionage team leader Trenna says 2 days, communication equipment, yellow export to the Sadam regime, making 2003 the American war in Iraq, Sadam can still carry out military manoeuvres. Trenna said: "with this equipment, they can better respond to u.. The Chinese government actively participated in the deal." Court documents said, yellow export communication equipment to Iraq in violation of United States law, but also violates the international society after the Gulf War against Iraq by the sanctions.
    Reports said Huang's life is very mysterious
    It is reported that Huang arrived in the United States on 1976, former Taiwan air force lieutenant. The court documents also show that Huang was suspected of $560000 from the Taiwan anti corruption investigation with the money, but the United States did not regard this as the charges.
    The spy case reports, in all countries is to attract the reader's news. Two businessmen the U.S. prosecution, more than ever before some mysterious color. According to the American media reports, Huang had countless times to China mainland travel, often use the house near the public phone. When driving, he seems to want to get rid of people tracking. Investigators say, yellow in the usual driving often use some dump tracking technology, such as the first turn on the lights, then don't turn.
    Investigators say, listening to the phone display, Huang as if there is a "Lady", but also its business assistant. The "Lady" is often required to obtain some yellow specific information, such as additives used in the United States Navy nuclear submarine models etc.. The female assistant also told Huang, Chinese military seeks such information.
    According to reports, search yellow houses in the investigators, law enforcement departments had a long list "list", including gold and silver jewelry, and yellow and China official photo etc.. In the Yellow last year from mainland China returned to the United States, the United States investigators at the airport on the baggage was searched and found the yellow and many American politicians photos and photos, including former president Clinton, democratic state senator Cone de G Dodd and representative Cone de G East constituency of former Democratic congressman gejdenson et al. In addition, in the monitored international long distance telephone, Huang told him he knew many of the important influential figures in the United States, said he would use the relationship of these so-called further to do business with china. In response, Senator Dodd says when accepting media to ask when he did not know the human yellow. It is currently consulting gejdenson wrote a letter of guarantee letter for yellow, said he knew Huang since 1982, and that Huang had a deep relationship with the local community, so there is no danger of escape from the United states. Ji Dansen in answer to a reporter proposed to know whether the Yellow export communication equipment to Iraq said: "I cannot believe that these charges are accurate. I was very confused. " But American official stressed, yellow know the final destination in the export of these communication equipment.
    Be careful not to be scapegoat
    From the American media disclosed information shows that the so-called illegal smuggling spy story is very absurd and bizarre. The analysis points out, are in the United States in the war against terrorism cases, commercial, diplomatic, business, tourism, academic exchanges often unprovoked suspicion. Only with travel, calling from a public phone, driving many want to jilt to demonstrate yellow suspected of being a spy, it is difficult to convince people. Moreover, in most modern spy equipment American, yellow these "tricks" is the level of pediatrics. Single to drive spying for example, the United States have no tracking will be able to understand the opponent the whereabouts of advanced technology clearly, now also took out the Yellow take 50 years ago drive dump someone tracking techniques to prove that the Yellow disorderly behavior, give people the feeling is not too serious. 
   
