   Our special correspondent Zhou Jiawang Tian Qiang
    In one early morning mist shrouded the southern Sichuan somewhere, a helicopter array airport, quietly waiting for their master. Army Aviation College Undergraduate flying cadet flight test is about to begin.
    Known as the "air Qingqi" army aviation is an assault force of future information warfare. 4 years ago, a new generation of army aviation pilots in the college recruited first with bachelor degree. According to the school a training the commissar Yang Minglong introduced, this group of students after 4 years of training, rely on perseverance conquer flying on a hurdle, step by step, landed on the fly to the sky ladder.
    The nine fifteen flight, dressed in special equipment of our army to a new generation of College Students' helicopter flying cadets, calmly stepped into a new helicopter cockpit, teachers help them to check the safety belt, flying in front of all ready, I boarded the 07 helicopters, recorded the whole process of our army aviation of a new generation of flying cadets soar to great heights.
    The cockpit, flight cadets skillfully open the various device for final inspection before the flight, then debug, electricity, drive...... A skilled movements with ease.
    2 minutes later, "bang!" A green flare into the sky. Deputy head Cheng Xinguang promptly issued a first command flight student graduation appraisal: "07, take off!" Flying cadets quickly pull rod, loose rod, oil extraction, pedal...... A series of coherent motion instant, Warhawk rise up and into the north. Eagles followed, launch sequence.
    The author took the hawk suddenly disease wing fled, now hovering at low altitude. At this time, flight cadets Song Lei headphones, hand lever, engrossed in driving a helicopter, complexion is calm. He before flying to the author said, this is a time of flight training, and is a challenging test, we are fully prepared for the flying cadets.
    "Wind 4-5 levels, the sudden change of weather, please pay attention to the flying height." I heard a loud sound in the Headset commander in. Various parameters of students while Su Liang calmly to the flight commander report, the side quickly adjust the flying attitude, 1 minutes later, he successfully through the storm". Subsequently, the helicopter quickly shuttle in the mist, waving wings to fly toward the distant. To know the understanding, this is a difficult topic setting in the graduation examination.
    I saw in the training field, the sky filled with mist, flight cadets action in place quickly, excellent airspace flight, hovering in the air, landing and other flight courses completed field. Imperceptibly, it was almost noon twelve thirty. A frame hawk to draw a beautiful arc in the sky, followed by alignment of airport runway steadily falling.
