    - Global Times special correspondent Zuo Jianxiao Yu fire - Global Times special correspondent Zou Dehao, Ambassador to the United Nations
    In recent years USA participation in the war, the aircraft carrier has been playing the role of the main force of the first wave of combat. In May 2nd, just as the United States, Britain, France and Russia, and Germany on the Iran nuclear issue in the Security Council expansion outside tense tug of war when the deployment of Virginia in the United States Navy base in Norfolk "enterprise" aircraft carrier strike group set out towards the Persian Gulf waters, attracted high attention of international public opinion.
    The analysis thinks, "depart enterprise" is far from the United States of Iran sent the most serious warning, it shows the United States don't endlessly and Iran "Big Dipper", it is "limited patience". Iran responded that was once the US attack, will be the first to retaliate against israel.
    With a secret task of
    The American "aircraft carrier" politics is already quite mature, that is to say less and do more action, more than language. According to reports, "enterprise" aircraft carrier strike group, carrying about 7500 officers and men, they will begin a period of 6 months of a new round of overseas deployment. USA Navy Pacific Fleet Commander admiral Roughead has revealed, "enterprise" will represent the Atlantic fleet, in June this year held in Guam near a 3 U.S. aircraft carrier battle group to participate in the large-scale joint military exercises. Some of the analysis thinks, "enterprise" aircraft carrier strike group will pass through the Panama Canal, the Pacific Ocean in a road westbound, after joint military drill and then rushed to the bay area operational deployment tasks.
    The reason for the outside world talking about the "enterprise" out, the U.S. Navy a bit thinner explanation is that in order to assist the U.S. troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, the global anti-terrorism task execution. But according to the associated press, "enterprise" this line undertakes "a wide range of mission", in addition to "deal with pirates", the sailors would "participate in Iraq and Iran to work". Analysts believe that, in the current Afghanistan and Iraq, the main threat facing the U. s.military is anti American armed groups to launch guerrilla warfare, deal with their ground forces, especially with the special forces and intelligence personnel. As the aircraft carrier battle group that maritime strike force, can play an important role in ground attack fixed large-scale strategic objectives, and to deal with the "guerrillas" can only be cannon dozen mosquitoes, powerful to do. Which American forces could not make out a good case. In the face of the associated press questioning, "enterprise" aircraft carrier battle group commander Colonel Laurence a bit overwhelmed, he said: "what 'enterprises' number, these 6 months will do, to be honest this is a we are often asked question."
    The aircraft carrier, the war signal
    I do not know since when, the carrier signal into a war. In early 1991 in the Gulf War, the U.S. Navy "independence" and "Eisenhower" nuclear powered aircraft carrier strike group, the first to enter the bay. In President Bush issued marching orders after 48 hours, the Iraqi military goals within the two carrier aircraft and Tomahawk cruise missile attack range. In the 2003 Iraq war preparation stage, the US Navy deployed 5 aircraft carrier, 3 ships in the Gulf, 2 ships in the Mediterranean, the war first gun is fired from the aircraft carrier strike group on.
    The sea "enterprise" can be said to be the illustrious military exploits. It was the first American nuclear powered aircraft carrier, to Iraq in December 1998 the United States and the "Desert Fox" military strikes, mainly by the "enterprise" aircraft carrier battle group air raid. The war in Afghanistan, "enterprise" aircraft also participated in the first wave of strikes against Taliban targets. The accompanying "enterprise" with the sea include the guided missile cruiser, guided missile destroyers and frigates each 1 ships, and "Alexander", "Losangeles" class nuclear attack submarine and 1 ship fast combat supply ship. In addition, the carrier is also carrying the first carrier air wing, there are various types of aircraft of about 80 aircraft, including the "hornet" and "Super Hornet" fighter, "eagle eye" carrier AWACS, "Haiying" anti submarine helicopters, have everything that one expects to find.
    A Iran military sources said, according to Iran's strength, the U.S. military to use at least 3 aircraft carrier battle groups to participate in the Iran front-line combat. At present, the United States in the Gulf region has already deployed the "Reagan" aircraft carrier strike group, "enterprise" aircraft carrier strike group arrival, will greatly enhance the deployment of U.S. military force in the region. According to the USA media reports, "Lincoln" aircraft carrier strike group, has been from the beginning of February overseas deployment for a period of 6 months, at present to Singapore's Changi naval base, the future will be the South China Sea to the west along the motor, does not exclude the deployment to the Gulf may, if so, against Iran, the 3 aircraft carrier battle groups gathered together qi.
    In like the training of Iran terrain
    In addition to the aircraft carrier, the U.S. military recently and some without explanation of the action of troop movements. Should the U. S. central headquarters of the request, the navy "tretton" No. amphibious transport ships and "leisure city" missile cruiser has traveled to the Middle East deployment. The future, USA missile destroyer "James Williams" will also join the ranks of the deployment. It is reported, these deployments are not part of routine deployment, and belongs to a temporary surge.
