    Fire support ship: Taiwan Strait battle mode in the new focus
    Zhuangao newspaper Yu extraordinary
    With the Taiwan area the DPP authorities in the essence of "Taiwan independence" and the "Taiwan independence" aspects of the progressive force, international defense generally that the potential danger of war Taiwan Strait growing along with the 2008 deadline draws near. Internationally renowned Canadian military publications "Kanwa defence review" (hereinafter referred to as the Han) in its latest report pointed out that, at present, some concern the latest military dynamic indicated that the Taiwan Strait between attack and defense modes are changes possible.
    Fire support ship instead of ballistic missiles into the lead?
    According to reports, the East Sea fleet and, China currently equipped a ship by 053H type 516 frigate refit to support ship. Han said, the ship began to improve from 2003, 2005 to re equipped with. Installed a 100 mm double invisible gun. The biggest difference is that the original installation of HY 2 ship to ship missile place the replacement of the 5 seat 50 is connected and arranged rocket launcher. And that, the East Sea Fleet modification of other similar fire ship the main motivation may be responsible for the wartime attack Taiwan offshore area, providing support and suppression of anti landing force.
    In the international military circles to analyze the potential war in the Taiwan Strait mode, multi wave tactical ballistic missiles or land attack cruise missiles "acupoint" attack + to seize control of the air / sea + landing operations is always indulge in elaborating on the classic strategy is, Western media hype Taiwan US intelligence agencies in the mainland coast constantly found in the quantity of tactics missile in the rise of the tactics seem to be the best evidence. But the Americans in the Gulf War and after many battles in the actual show, even in a small area, the accurate tactical fire high strength consumption is also very alarming, but the defender is what kind of air defense strength, but also to a large extent affected the campaign goal can be achieved.
    And that, in the depth, the strategic point in Taiwan various tactical protection, need more waves of tactical ballistic missile attacks at least amount to thousands of pieces, the people's Liberation Army missile (plus DF series DH Series) is a good choice, high precision, strong penetration ability, but will not be able to withstand, can only be huge the cost of the first phase of the campaign. While the fire support ship with 5 doors and 50 tube 122 mm rocket launcher, capable of firing 250 rockets in 25 seconds within the beachhead, the single effective killing area of 7093 square meters, the longest range of up to 40 kilometers, can satisfy the basic requirements of the line of fire damage, the cost is not same language. Expensive tactical missile and cruise missile, can focus attack high value targets, such as hidden in strengthening the aircraft hangar, thus forming a "frame level with the".
    And presumably, currently in Hudong Zhonghua shipbuilding plant may still be another refit of 053H ship, most likely converted equipped with 516 fire ship standard. The ship was refitted 053H may be the original No. 512 or no. 511 naval ship. All radar at present upper hull mounted antenna and missile launchers, artillery system has been removed, the ongoing re painting work.
    According to Han and estimation, the East Sea Fleet deployed 11 aircraft 053H and 509 - 519 was in the peak period, but at present the service quantity is decreasing in. The same type of ship often is active only seem to have 513, 514, 515, 517 wait for about 4 vessels.
    Fire ship "soft rib"
    Concerned that, Chinese fire support ship of thought is very close to the US military during World War II LSM transformation of the rocket launcher support ship. In addition to dress up a 100 mm double invisible gun and rocket launcher, 516 frigate in radar system, air defense weapons didn't make big improvements, which means that the next fire ship combat must rely on Fleet support, providing the necessary peripheral defense anti-ship, anti submarine, air defense, which limits the range of fire the use of the ship and the frequency of attacks in the very great degree. And think, this may be the main or out of economic considerations, refitted air defense, anti submarine system related, is tantamount to the development of a new set of shipborne weapon, and this and No. 516 refitted as a fire ship, intent to maximize the use of existing capabilities significantly draw further apart.
    And points out at the same time, from the intensity of fire, 516 fire support ship barely have American troops have dismounted "arsenal ship" shadow, but by the hull size and tonnage limits, in the fire duration is also far less than the U. S similar ships. At the same time, 516 fire support ship does not have the long-range precision strike capability, although a special fire control system, automatic rotary rocket, and with a stabilizer, can the enemy shore target implementation firepower at low sea state, but compared with other weapons, hydrological conditions changing currents always have great influence on the rocket, but with the precision range farther straight down. In addition to rocket range Co., the accuracy is not high, 516 main gun doesn't achieve the operational requirements in the range and caliber, face a variety of rugged coastal fortifications, 100 mm caliber naval gun appear. And the effective range of 22 km, take fire support missions is also reluctant. Experience the Gulf War proved: surface ships should give full play to fire support and suppressed effect, the gun must be able to make up for the 24 - 70 km between firing blank area.
    
