    Chinese aegis destroyers floated
    Zhuangao newspaper Shi Jiangyue
    The report of comprehensive Chinese mainland and Hongkong media, the people's Liberation Army fleet of the East China Sea and South China Sea Fleet recently held a large-scale military exercises. The East Sea Fleet dispatched a new destroyer, new submarine fleet, new aircraft fleet, can be described as elite do, military exercises scene surge high and sweep forward; and the South China Sea fleet of 8 ships of Destroyer and frigate detachment and aviation, submarine, landing ships, supply ships such arms expansion joint troop exercises, projects include collaboration, confrontation, offense and defense.
    For the normal exercise China Navy, some Western observers and media made a different interpretation, including a Japanese military experts said Chinese naval power will ultimately affect Japan threat. But the western media also disclosed, "the Russian Aegis" missile destroyer coming into the army.
    The East China Sea, South China Sea Qi exercise PLA
    According to people.com.cn reported, Chinese official in early April, exercise joint maritime operations a field under the condition of information spread in the East China Sea in a sea of. The report says, the East Sea Fleet model missile destroyers, frigates drill in the motor with new submarines, aviation model cluster drilling fast aggregation, grouping. This sea is divided into red and blue, red reconnaissance, electronic jamming machine free air reconnaissance and electronic warfare on the blue fleet, the blue side formation immediately counter reconnaissance and anti-jamming deployment, the two sides on the electromagnetic power, the mastery of information battle. Warship aircraft cooperatively to air defense, anti submarine, submarine ship collaborative joint fight against "enemy" surface target. A major feature of this exercise is the tactical software, command information equipment automation system widely used in combat, the guided missile destroyers, frigates and other various types of surface ships and coastal defense forces, air force, the submarine force of organic links as a whole.
    While Hongkong's "Ming Pao Daily" disclosure, in the summer of South Chinese Navy South Sea fleet, a detachment of 8 ships of Destroyer and frigate formation to the composition of the depths of the sea, and aviation, submarine, landing ships, supply ships and other joint military exercise, practice, practice, practice and defense against cooperative.
    In the South China Sea Fleet exercise field, cloudy, fighter shuttle back down in bad weather conditions, the exercise of the ship attack or warship aircraft cooperatively. While in the high wind waves of the sea, part of the ships were the main gun and artillery fire on the sea to air defense; part of refresher training, smokescreen; in the part of playing the "floating mine", launching decoy; several Ship Search and attack submarine fleet...... The sea the sound of the guns, the alarm sound As one falls, climax. A frigate is executing the test task also use test gap came in a hurry "merry", weaved ship potential synergy, replenishment of the training course. It is reported, the exercises for 10 days.
    In addition, China official Xinhua News Agency 4 month also issued a set of undated photos of PLA military exercises, part of the photo is accompanied by exercise area, including from the exercise photos reflect the new fighter plane: Air Force combat exercises, the new battleship maritime cooperative exercises, exercises the armed helicopter joint combat army's main battle tanks, armored infantry fighting vehicles and the army aviation units.
    China people's Liberation Army Newspaper "recently" China defense of PLA Air Force base south a modernization of combat aircraft force maneuver zipper, all aircraft multi batch, the whole system of one-time successful start, disposable succeeded in landing exercises such as reported in detail.
    Overall, these exercises are routine exercise of the PLA, and no special exercises to conceive or strategic objective. But some "careful" the people always love adding the trimmings, do a different interpretation of the Liberation Army exercises.
    Expert: Chinese would constitute a "threat to japan"
    In these so-called international observers, the Japanese military scholars particularly concerned about Chinese every act and every move of the people's Liberation army. Plus in recent years, Chinese and Japan dispute in the East China Sea oil and gas resources, so the PLA East Sea fleet is Japan key monitoring objects.
    Hiramatsu Shio is the study of the Japan Defense Agency chief, former professor of the studied Kyorin University, he points out in the latest edition of "Chinese annexation of Japan" in one book, China reunified with the mainland Taiwan area plan began as early as in a few decades ago, in 1996, Taiwan area Chinese to disrupt the "presidential election", but was American sent two carrier suppression, this "humiliation" Chinese continent is impossible to forget, so, want to Chinese actively control the surrounding Taiwan sea area, now have the capacity to out American dispatched submarines underwater mines laying in Yokosuka, Guam aircraft carrier mobility forces prevent, eliminate U.S. influence in East asia.
    However, Hiramatsu Shio said, if there is no special event, China, should not be to force to attack Taiwan, if both sides of war, Chinese continent not only also suffer, more may be unable to gain a foothold in the international, the ideal Chinese continental plan is eager to "win" the unification of Taiwan area, from the sea will be completely surrounded by Taiwan area, and then to nuclear weapons, a strong military to intimidate Taiwan area.
    For Chinese and American military counter, Hiramatsu Shio points out, China has a range of up to USA land bomb, military balance between the United States and China has been a big change, there are many military critics question China strategic ballistic missile accuracy, in fact China doesn't necessarily have to be aimed at the White House, as long as the threat America metropolis, has hundreds of thousands of, the lethality of millions of people.
    If this happens, America are unlikely to be willing to pay in order to Taiwan and Japan, most of the national life, then America may give up to maintain military influence in East Asia, but by a new way, contain Chinese. Hiramatsu Shio emphasizes, the Taiwan region was China, United, Continental Chinese can be controlled from the Korean Peninsula to the East China Sea, Taiwan, Paracel Islands, the South China Sea area of whole area, Chinese mainland will control the Japanese rely on external resources, food lifeline of the sea, this is threatening the survival of the problems in japan. If the 2010 to 2020, the Taiwan region was Chinese reunified with the mainland, Japan, next is the object Chinese coveted, China, also need not to attack by force, as long as the same technique to deal with the peace of Taiwan area, will be the Japanese annexation.
    And Hiramatsu Shio also in the article sums up, if the PLA to achieve the above strategic conception, we must have a strong sea power. Since then, China Navy will have to America Pacific Fleet, the Japanese Maritime Self Defense Force fleet issued a strong challenge, to control the whole Asia Pacific area command of the sea.
    Han: the Russian aegis coming into the army
    Western military media also very concerned about the Chinese naval ship renewal, because more advanced large-scale sea warship is the most important sign of the sea battle force promotion.
    Canada in the latest issue of "Kanwa defence review" published an article said: China officially under construction in the first ship 051C "Chinese Russian Aegis" missile destroyer named "Shijiazhuang". At present, the "Shijiazhuang" is entering the final stages of outfitting. According to the present rate, should be later in the year the sea trial.
    Han said the latest public official model, image display "Shijiazhuang" carry "after the first 2 4" combination of SA - N - 6 ship to air missile system + RIF - M (RIF) ship to air missile system, each including 8 with transmitter, a total of 48 48N6E missiles. But only in the ship is installed at the rear part of a multi channel 30N6E1 guidance radar. Second ships of the same type of ship also with surprising speed to speed up production, at present the basic catch up with "Shijiazhuang" on schedule, two ships may also for the sea trial. Despite the possible for confidentiality reasons, has been erased earlier painting code, but two of the 051C will be equipped with the fleet to Beihai.
    "Kanwa Defense Review" generation 051C "editor in chief Pincov think, the Chinese Russian Aegis" missile destroyer is by far the most practical significance, the ability of the China Navy large surface warship. Testing properties of 052C based on "Chinese Aegis", 051C should be as soon as a fighting force in the more in the short term. Therefore, outfitting using 051C in Russian fire control system of a large number of off the shelf. Including the FREGAT - M2EM
    3D radar, MINERAL - ME shipborne radar data chain system (not sure). MINERAL ME system by the MINERAL - ME1 MINERAL - ME2 active radar, passive radar, MINERAL ME3 data link, locating radar form.
    Pincov said, China adopts the configuration mode that is more reasonable, first increases the reliability degree of the whole technology, second is very likely to effectively avoid the emergence of new ship electromagnetic interference problem, only uniform use of mature, Russian fire control radar system.
    Discovered by the official 051C model the new open, the ship is currently installed 8 pieces of the same 052C and YJ - 12 (which is another way of saying YJ 62) supersonic anti-ship missiles, anti-ship fire that, 051C and 052C are the same. Thus it can be seen Chinese naval surface ship future fire allocation should be large warships mounted 8 pieces of YJ - 12 (YJ - 62), medium ship 4000 tons following the installation of 16 YJ - 83 ways, so formed many types of projectile, multi fire alternate mode of war.
    "Kanwa defence review" also revealed, is very likely to take into account factors to save funds, from the new open 051C destroyer, only in the stern installed a 30N6E1 guidance radar, this radar system is very expensive, for target indication, the radar can track 6 targets at a time, and induced by 12 48N6E ship to air missile can attack, every 4 seconds to launch a missile.
    The problem is as the Russian North Design Bureau experts discussed earlier that, in the Soviet era, only for SLAVA (glory) causes a RIF missile illumination radar installation class cruiser rear is because in cooperative engagement, SLAVA follows KILOV (Kirov) heavy cruiser, the latter after a previous installation of two VoInaRIF ship to air missile illumination radar, therefore, can form a ship to ship Co
    With operational posture. China Beihai navy fleet has no KILOV like large cruiser, the latest official public model proves that the installation of a radar 051C irradiation only in the rear, whether it can form a fast enough to meet the reaction? In this regard, vice president of Vyacheslav North Design Bureau
    A Senchurov said, in naval warfare, the enemy is able to know the direction from which it came, because of the high precision detection function remote radar, so SLAVA by rotating the hull of a way to adjust the detection direction guidance radar's view is not wrong!
    Then 051C also need to adjust the way through the hull, set the 30N6E1 guidance radar scanning direction? 30N6E1 illuminating radar at a 58 degree angle can not stand, 360 degree rotation. Therefore, in the battle of 051C, two possible implementation of key area scan to cooperative combat mode, which found that the different directions of the invading enemy. Of course this is only theoretically. In actual combat, as Vyacheslav
    A Senchurov said, before the enemy planes, ships from which direction the incoming can judge whether the. Especially for Chinese Navy currently is still in a "coastal defence" stage, RIF - M prevention is the remote incoming aircraft target. Secondly, 30N6E1 is tracking radar tracking, scanning angle, nature has been confirmed in the missile launch time.
    