    File photo: Taiwan army "Hankuang exercises" Taiwan Army lasted 5 days of the "Han Kuang No. 22" computer wargame that ended in April 28th. Whether Taiwan army set a theme as "anti unrestricted warfare", or deliberately plan to drag us Japanese intervention, until finally assumed by the PLA bash, has been attracting the attention from media. These two days, all the results of Taiwan military also constantly reflect on the soldiers pushed, so that for the next phase of "exercise" to prepare.
    Exercise lasted only 5 days.
    It is reported, this wargame with the past "Han" wargaming, exercise site is still located in the joint training center Heng Mountain military command outside of taiwan. Exercise strength points "Reds" and "Blues". "Red Army" played by "National Defense University" instructor, simulated the Continental Army; "Blues" played by the Taiwan military staff officers, military simulation platform. Exercise assumes that the time in 2008, ideas, successful hosting of the Olympic Games, is expected by the international intervention to resolve the Taiwan question won't, quickly sent troops to launch a lightning attack, in order to take down quick island. The Taiwan military then started "national class" overall defense combat.
    The exercises from the beginning of April 24th, and in the previous exercise, lasted 5 days, every day deduction represents a stage. 3 days before the main simulation deduction Taiwan suddenly, after the counter attack, the cross-strait military battle against. The exercise is mainly divided into "the preservation of combat capability", "joint intercept" and "homeland defense" in three stages. The Taiwan military naval exercises were found first envisioned PLA submarine seepage waters off eastern Taiwan, Taiwan army then quickly into the "preservation of combat capability" stage, and sent the Taiwan military's most advanced ship "Kidd", "Eagle 2000", ships and aircraft. The PLA Second Artillery forces launched the 10 wave times more dense missile attack, the people's Liberation Army Air Force was also more than 20 waves of air attacks, naval and Air Force Station in exhausted. Liberation Army then start landing ground combat and attack on the stage station in the island, emergency mobilization and invested nearly 3000000 troops including reserve personnel, expand the "homeland defense" combat. According to Taiwan media said, the 3000000 largest strength is all the "Han Kuang exercise".
    According to Taiwan media, deduction into the fourth day, the United States and Japan to "protect the nationals grounds" evacuation "life" requirements, requirements development of two sides "safe corridor", for the plane landed in Taiwan Airport North, ships into Keelung and Suao port two, began to "evacuation" operation, and respectively to cross a ceasefire requirements. Both sides in the international forces under the mediation, stop the war.
    The Taiwan military worried about the military setback
    The Taiwan military before the drill through the media to advocate will wage a life-and-death struggle with the people's Liberation Army, until there was only a single soldier, however the exercise process is beyond all expectations, all did not appear as the Taiwan military described the kind of Jing heaven and earth, the spirits cry tragic scenes. In the sudden attack after Taiwan in the mainland, only for a period of 3 days for the reverse operations, at this time, suddenly appear in America and Japan "evacuation" requirements, and finally the ceasefire between the two sides.
    After the end of the Taiwan military drills, start the whole process of the exercise of reflection:
    First of all, the so-called "Taiwan in the war to a soldier" is before the exercise of the campaign aims to attract public attention on the island, the exercise, at the same time to the Taiwan authorities and people loyal to the table and determination. But later in the exercises but not as he put it, the main reason is to avoid the morale suffered a serious setback in taiwan. The Taiwan military privately think voting, heart to heart, but never in the exercise by the people's liberation army killed fly pellmell, only a pawn, otherwise, will not only seriously hurt morale, but also lead to the Taiwan people, even the Taiwan authorities to military combat effectiveness questioned.
    Secondly, the Taiwan military thought, the soldiers pushed the results show that, despite some advanced weapons to Taiwan Army played a "key role" in the exercise early, such as Taiwan Marine AAV7 amphibious assault landing vehicle and navy "Kidd" class guided missile destroyer, the liberation army landing fleet into the island of progress have been defeated, but but eventually because of the Taiwan military chiefs of staff and subordinate units of communication interruption and defeated, that Taiwan army joint combat capability is still very weak, need to be increased dramatically, most notably between the poor communications services and arms, "a barrier, leading to complete all dead". In contrast, liberation army combat capability is extremely advantages attract sb.'s attention, which is mainly manifested as a powerful missile attack, precise enough air strikes and last ground landing operations, showing the Liberation Army in recent years unremittingly military reform, greatly enhanced the weaponry and military joint combat capability.
    Third, in the military "Hankuang" series of exercises, generally divided into three parts, namely, the formulation of operational plans, wargaming and military exercise, the soldiers pushed plays an important role, plays an important role, not only to validate the operational plans, but also through the computer simulation, providing a more direct reference the reference for the military exercise. The Taiwan military plan reference soldiers push results, vigorously improve and integrate joint service communications capacity, centralized verification and enhance joint service combat capability, in order to more effectively deter the liberation army landed on the island of siege progress, waiting for the arrival of foreign aid.
    The Taiwan military frequently "show"
    