    "Bi Sheng" imposing ship. Photo by Mao Jingxiong &nbsp; &nbsp; the newspaper news (Mao Jingxiong reporter Qian Xiaohu newspaper special correspondent Xu Feng) "emission!" In the early spring of a North Sea, with a loud bang - bang, a missile from a comprehensive test of weapon ship jumped up, straight into the blue sky, will target a head-on shot down......
    Responsible for the sea launch test tasks is the navy "Bi Sheng" test ship. The new missile, naval gun boat shoulder, radar equipment test task warships, perennial conquests in high strength, high risk research of battlefield, the successful completion of the development, many types of weapons and equipment of the type test, known as the "pioneer Chinese navy ship test".
    Maritime navigation performance challenges limit test of weapon equipment
    The spring of that year, "Bi Sheng" carrier with new missile, to a predetermined area.
    According to the predetermined test plan, "Bi Sheng" ship will simulate all kinds of sea navigation state to performance test of missile. However, limited to the ship performance, the experts thought many way, some important tests still cannot.
    "Can you make improvements in navigation?" "Bi Sheng" crew to consult experts, recommended the use of steering way for ship produce irregular swing.
    Can you. Experts expressed doubts. In the design, the ship does not have this ability. In the face of a puzzled look, ship leadership nodded in the affirmative.
    This is a challenge of ship operating limit sailing: ship suddenly full left rudder suddenly right full rudder, the ship shaking violently, thrilling. The experts are overjoyed, this is exactly what they need navigation state.
    "Fire!" Command, missile to roar and shout but... Few cruises down, test results completely conform to the requirements of each index of missile development, new missile has been fully validated in near real background.
    In times of peace, the test field is a sea battle. "Bi Sheng" crew often say that the sentence is: more exploration test, equipment performance and more improved, the more chance of winning the future war.
   A certain type of missile development testing, need to use the plane with. Ship leadership the door several times to a certain air force, deducing repeatedly, forming a scheme of warship aircraft cooperatively. Testing began, "Bi Sheng" the ship on time according to the actual requirements and aircraft in close coordination, the successful completion of the test task.
    To create the maximum benefit of training test win-win pattern seeking combat
    One time, "Bi Sheng" the ship docked in performing the test task of a naval south.
    More than 100 meters long hull, before and after the activity range of only about 20 meters. The captain issued a series of passwords, ship almost no 180 degree maneuver.
    Fuck the ship with superb skill, won the applause. An advanced level, due to shoulder the special mission. Perennial guarantee for new equipment test, forced "Bi Sheng" crew master the skills.
    On 2002, superior to the "Bi Sheng" ship issued training task. Training, is an important way to improve combat capability of naval vessels. However, at that time, a number of major test task has been wildly beating gongs and drums to start.
    Can't stop test professionals engaged in training. Ship party emergency consultations, ultra conventional creates a test, training and win-win.
    It was a race against time to the special test. Test gap, their officers and men for basic training, even after dinner, before it got dark short time has not let go. Maritime training, are included in the test field, before entering the study route before, organization combat deployment and missile, naval gun test performance.
    This one mode, effectively solving contradiction. In those days, "Bi Sheng" ship in the complete test tasks at the same time, smoothly through the navy training assessment, completed the task, by superior awared.
    At the beginning of 2004, the number of test task has issued. As a rule, a voyage only for a trial, on schedule to complete the test almost impossible. The officers and men of the initiative innovation, bold and a plurality of test plan "series", make full use of the test route, to seek maximum benefits. The sea trial, ships or straight or curve, sailing, or motor forward, a number of tests carried out at the same time.
    After 3 months, all tests are completed, half a year earlier than the specified time.
    Face danger fearlessly quality test results for fruitful
    A general once said: in times of peace, naval ships experienced the biggest risk is "Bi Sheng" ship!
    If this statement is true. "Bi Sheng" on the ship, the perennial rumble of guns, smoke. Test the peak, thousands of missiles and artillery shells, these weapons are not yet finalized experiment, the risk of large self-evident.
    Once, a certain type of missile is double volleys, power system fault happens suddenly. There can be no turning back, once the exploding, consequences be unbearable to contemplate!
    "Start the emergency plan!" Captain Li Wan and unflappable, the entire crew to act quickly, to be evacuated to safety experts of the cabin, and rescue.
    The time of distress, "all the soldiers Bi Sheng" ship without a thought to his own safety, all I could think of was to control the danger. Meanwhile the missile only one board and room, lie between. Pinch, three non commissioned officers Hu Naihui wearing protective clothing, portable fire extinguishers, still stick in the post.
    Two hours, the officers and men of every second in the confrontation with death. When the missile battery a little exhausted, the danger was finally ruled out, test data recording equipment in good condition!
    A certain type of Naval Gun 3 launching test. The first two normal, third cases are dumb. Danger to come unexpectedly, bombs waiting to go off. Be in grave, the officers and soldiers not panic, to assist the expert dare to confront the greatest danger, smooth shells will be out of the bore.
    A adventure, but "Bi Sheng" ship's officers and soldiers again face danger fearlessly, charge before. A veteran wrote before the war: "if can buy new equipment test data with life, I change!"
    The Liberation Army Daily
     