    Qiu Feng (right) by local officials praise
    The desert camp
    Our special correspondent Yan Yubao Wang Weiyin
    In the link in the background
    Western Sahara is a part of the largest desert in the world -- the Sahara desert, was once a colony of Spain, an area of 26 square kilometers. In 1975, Spain agreed to this land to Morocco and mauritania. However, the local armed groups -- the people's Liberation Front (referred to as the "popular front") think, they are the real masters of the land, the land should be handed over to them, and rubbing, hair and refused to give the two countries in the same year, war broke out. In July 10, 1978, "a cease-fire between the TPLF and Mauritania". In 1979, the Mauritanian gave up the Sahara's territorial claim, to admit that "person", but "religion" and fighting also continued in Morocco. From 1981 January onwards, Morocco began in the West Sahara built 2500 km of "small the Great Wall" sand wall, in the sand wall inside and outside 10 km wide zone buried under hundreds of thousands of landmines, to prevent the "popular" hit a shot for the local guerrilla tactics to attack. In 1991 September, the United Nations began to send military observers in Western sahara.
    We on this side of Shenyang, he was at the end of the Africa.
    The rapid development of information technology, the Internet and in the magic of the more than ten thousand kilometers outside the Africa desert of implementing the UN military observer mission of Shenyang military area command of a radar repair technical room director Qiu Feng major together.
    First came to this war-torn land, he learned the power of Western Sahara
    Wind, high temperature, drought, hunger, disease, poverty, war conflict. Come to this war-torn land, Qiu Feng has met the true sense of the western sahara.
    The UN military observers with him on the mission were from 23 countries, with headquarters in the capital of the Western Sahara Laayoune, two headquarters under the jurisdiction of North and South Zone, a total of 9 observers detachment, were deployed in the sand wall on both sides of the Morocco side and a "person" side, the main task is under a United Nations mandate, according to war the two sides and both sides reached a ceasefire agreement with the United Nations, supervision and inspection of the two warring sides cease-fire, observe whether the ceasefire violation behavior.
    Into the mission area, accept the main contents of the 3 months of patrol of driving car, weapons inspections, GPS navigation, radio communications, information processing and other daily things after training, observers began to implement the task.
    Qiu Feng first met is the intense heat of the desert and the strong sandstorm. At the time of the Western Sahara of the summer, the sea during the day, the temperature more than 50 DEG C, the heat was dizzily. Another makes a person headache is raging sandstorm. The desert climate like children face, says to change: Patrol when starting or calm, instant sandstorm comes, the wind wrapped in yellow sand, Zhetianbiri, formidable. Just to the Western Sahara report, they each received a blue "sheets". At that time, Qiu Feng lamented the UN Western Sahara mission area even bed also should make into "peaceful color", to the team after just know that's not the sheets, is used to wrap the head scarf, does not have what difference with the local people with the kind of, the head cover is only seen wearing goggles eyes. In Western Sahara, they lived can withstand gale of 12 class above the tent, stationed in the vast sea of sand, in addition to the Western Sahara "around the TPLF" forces or the forces in Morocco, a few hundred kilometres uninhabited.
    In addition to the risk of wind blown sand in the desert patrol, easy to get lost and strayed into a minefield. During the war in the Western Sahara Morocco buried under hundreds of thousands of landmines. Although most minefield after the armistice has made a mark, but with the passage of time, some mines with the wind sand, debris flow "move", the "security zone" re emergence of danger. In the marked minefields, because the wind blew away the sand, a lot of mine is exposed to the outside, densely packed. In view of the fact that the mine is dangerous, the Western Sahara Mission District Patrol has the strict stipulation: must drive along the track running, and the best car track. Strayed into a minefield events occur from time to time. Qiu Fenggang came, he was just about to patrol the area, "person" the soldiers drove into minefields, crash. Since then also appear from time to time observer, "person" soldiers or Morocco soldiers wounded by landmines accident.
    The team of observers from 13 countries, from Chinese he became expert problem solving
    Qiu Feng's north division team Marpa observers from Russia, France and Malaysia and other 13 countries, cultural background, customs and habits of different. As the Shenyang military region only came to Western Sahara observer mission of the military, Qiu Feng first in the work to prove his ability, win the respect and trust.
    Qiu Feng in 1988 graduated from the Ordnance Engineering College Department of electronics professional. After work he self-study completed postgraduate course examination, mastered the 4 types of equipment major skills, 12 achievement won the military scientific and technological progress award. Our team was assigned to Marpa, Qiu Feng Cheng various electronic equipment expert.
    In the desert, the network is the observers to communicate with the outside world mainly means. But to access LAN, also need a lot of work, according to the IP address allocation of existing network and computer, "calculate" usable address, then can set to access computer. That is, the personal computer is not the "legal user", to successfully access, more to suffer setbacks, we must first obtain the consent of the consent of the communications officer, communications officer, but most can only give "policy"