    Authors: Cai Guangyin, author: Ren Haixia: author Ren Haixia Author: Cai Guangyin police men often wear the old and new contrast: the left 05 armed police soldiers summer suit, right for the 87 type of soldiers often wear. Armed police soldier old often take contrast: the left 05 armed police soldiers summer suit, right for the 87 type of soldiers often wear. In the 05 series of summer camouflage armed police soldiers in new network on 1 May,
    The armed police forces soldiers China May 1st officially changing 05 armed police soldiers summer suit, changing 05 camouflage armed police officers and soldiers. With the 05 armed police soldiers often wear and 05 armed police camouflage in the "five one" "fifteen" since the allotment of troops, armed police have soldiers, all series were updated again, the total number of armed police renewal is also reached more than 60 kinds of. 05 armed police soldiers often clothing style, color, clothing and 87 armed police soldiers before the service uniforms are basically the same, armbands changed to compose a book type, fabric by "Dacron" "Dacron" to imitation wool serge, and the garment sizes and clothing ease, thoracolumbar gap was modified. 05 armed police camouflage using a new digital camouflage pattern, will replace olive green 01 armed police training clothes. The replacement of another important part is camouflage re "regression" armed police forces. Police in 1998 after the cancellation of the 87 type camouflage uniforms, replaced by the current 01 type training clothes. At present, some use camouflage armed police forces are special service unit. The redistribute the camouflage clothing, mainly because the armed police special functional requirements and resolve the current function defect training service.. "Digital Camouflage" is one of the main characteristics of 05 armed police series of camouflage. This set of camouflage, one is between each unit blocks of edge into a jagged, two clothes obviously mesh crisscross. The so-called digital camouflage concept, is to the original general-purpose Woodland Camo patterns digital lattice processing, make the edge fuzzy decentralized, and technical treatment on the edge of the unit blocks, so that adjacent unit flower block patterns coincide, thus by disrupting the flower block arrangement rule, to the observer, the formation of a flickering shadows the illusion, enhanced near vision concealment. In addition, through anti infrared dyes and finishing auxiliaries, the camouflage pattern with anti near infrared eye function. In the 87 armed police soldiers often take the exit "active", 05 armed police officer shoes also forthcoming in 2006 "service". The Research Laboratory of the armed police logistics equipment director Man Xiangdong said, compared with the leather shoes 87 armed police officers are currently in use, 05 armed police officer is still three section type of leather shoes, but shoes head into small round head, leather shoes styles from the three section head lacing type changed to three day head dark rubber type, fabric from the original cattle leather replaced by small cattle leather. Man Xiangdong said, the biggest improvement 05 armed police officer in leather shoes, we can not see the place - the sole. Shoes forefoot center two row pattern segmentation design using arc, in place around the formation of a clockwise rotating ring, to reduce friction during steering. In addition, the flower shoe pattern of semi convex semi reclining, homogenous for slope treatment was open, this design makes the soles can not clamp silt and gravel. Highlights of the Vice Minister of Logistics Department of armed police troops armed police of China Xu Shikuan new uniforms made such an interpretation: "this kind of change is constant in the national strength enhancement, background of people-oriented concept is rooted in the hearts of the realization of. From the perspective of armed police to perform the alert, to defend the daily service, dress etiquette to have higher requirements. Well dressed, dignified, obvious signs of clothing undoubtedly can better reflect the 'loyal guards' spirit, also will give the public more trust. From another perspective, now have the condition, can put some clothing design good-looking, let the soldiers love to wear. In this way, the more attractive and cohesive force will be enhanced, the soldiers of the sense of pride and sense of responsibility will also improve."
