    In new network on 1 May, according to Kyodo News Agency reported, was informed that in April 30th, chairman Hopson of the house of Representatives American fiscal expenditure (Republican) and a small committee of Parliament official told Kyodo News said, the strategic nuclear forces American is responsible for the management and use of nuclear weapons (headquarters is located in Nebraska) has told parliament, W80 nuclear warheads to reduce mounted on a cruise missile, is currently re validation of nuclear equipment plan, do not rule out the possibility of the complete abolition of W80 warhead. Hopson on the American nuclear weapons budget has certain influence.
    Because the cruise missiles with a range of hundreds of kilometers to 3000 kilometers, the use of cruise missiles to attack it must first be nuclear cruise missiles equipped bombers and submarines, make its move to attack range. So the Americans have internal opinion pointed out that, the method of operational flexibility is low, gradually losing the military value. In addition, along with the aging W80 nuclear warheads, but also repair and management costs increase again and again, all of these become re validation factors promote the U.S. nuclear equipped with plan.
    It is reported, the strategic nuclear forces plan in the future will be in a range of more than 7000 km range ballistic missile as the core, integrated management and enhancing nuclear and conventional weapons, in order to establish the new attack system in about 1 hours time attack any target on the global.
    According to Hopson, the commander of the strategic command American Garet Wright said recently, "have (Xiang Yihui) shows that the number of nuclear warheads will cut W80". At the same time, the United States Council concerned also confirmed, "the navy has expressed the hope that the total abolition of W80 nuclear warheads" in the near term, thus says USA navy has denied the necessity of marine emission type nuclear cruise missile.
    According to the America nuclear experts say, in the Cold War era, some carrying nuclear attack submarine is equipped with the W80 nuclear warheads, "Tomahawk" cruise missile destroyer was docked and ports in japan. Although after the end of the cold war USA has to recall the domestic, but to guard against the Far East there is an emergency situation, at present W80 is still mainly equipped with nuclear warheads from the west coast area American.
