    Our newspaper Beijing on April 30th news
    Responsible for training new armored task as the PLA Beijing military tank crew training base, has trained more than 6.6 new armored combatants. Today, landing in the Marine Corps landing amphibious tank, paratroopers drop from the clouds to the step of the chariot, a new tank phalanx of the army, had come out from the base of the students.
    In 1985, our army has eliminated the mule to achieve a motorized. The new century, our army and put forward the grand goal of realizing "the mechanization and informatization" composite across development, mechanized infantry on tanks, armored vehicles, infantry combat gradually replace Wheel Truck Ride motorized infantry, and to informationalization.
    Beijing military tank crew training base to mechanization, information warfare demand for traction, the army took the lead in establishing the new armored combatants quality structure and training target and model. They continue to promote the transformation of mechanical equipment system and teaching equipment to the information, make the teaching training close to the information warfare. Their knowledge and network communication technology, ballistic computer, positioning and navigation, laser identification and thermal imaging information, major course for students. The application of the computer network, data communications and other high-tech, form the teaching information network, built the information of the classroom, has developed a battlefield simulation of multiple functions of the "step combat tank shooting intelligent Simulator", "the new tank driving simulation system" of teaching training equipment, make the teaching training to achieve the "theory of teaching network, skills practice teaching management analog, digital, assessment of automation".
    The base also repeatedly charged army tank crew training reform and new equipment trial task. They prepared training regulations 9 this document is issued by the headquarters of the 7 army, the promotion of their experience, a group of new training methods to fill the blank of our army tactics, 300 a number of teaching and scientific research innovation achievements in army promotion, was named "the army training reform advanced unit" and "army services advanced training base".
    In a joint air ground exercise not long ago, the reporter entered a new tank, see all kinds of computer, TV screen, meter, button is dotted, various lights blinking, and old tank operating system in the past only a dozen manual switches and buttons. A new type of armored combatants pointed to the tank radio said: "it automatically frequency hopping anti-jamming and satellite communication links, thousands of miles of information in real-time and tank Unicom, and the operation of submarine hunting fire control system can capture and destroy the 'enemy' soon target. We can skillfully master the new equipment training, all thanks to the tank crew training base." (Chen Hui, Zhang Kunping)
    ("people's Daily" 2006-05-01 Monday Fifth Edition)
