    "CATIC leadership has on the matter with Russia is responsible for related equipment export department of communication, Russia said export engine type RD-93 on Chinese without any problems."
    -- Technical AVIC spokesman
    "The current 'development and flight test prototype JF-17' has remained relatively good momentum. Fourth a prototype manufacturing is in progress. The machine of the future first commander than No. 01 and No. 03 first flying more interesting, but the specific first flight time can not be revealed. The so-called Pakistani air force could cut 'Xiaolong' purchase quantity argument, is inconsistent with the facts. At present, '' 'in the international market is getting more and more attention."
    -- CAC group propaganda department
    "Lightning" JF-17/ "Xiaolong" FC-1 warfare performance
    According to the I with the news information, JF-17 is to adapt the air combat environment after 2000 as the target of design. JF-17 uses a single seat, single, on both sides of rib intake layout, equipped with full span leading-edge flap and strake wing, body pneumatic compact and reasonable layout, with low altitude maneuvering performance outstanding.
    The whole machine has 7 weapon hardpoints, maximum external amounted to 3800 kilograms, the plug-in weapon types include short-range air-to-air missile, medium range air-to-air missiles, conventional / precision guided bombs etc.. In addition to perform air superiority for tasks outside, also can perform tactical reconnaissance, close fire support multiple tasks such as.
    The Pakistani air force will be replaced by JF-17 active China made fighter -7, French "mirage" III and other types of combat aircraft. In addition to meet the Pakistani air force needs, JF-17 could become the replacement products in the world some other large equipment of Soviet made MIG -21, American F-5 fighter jets to the third world countries air force.
    USA "Aviation Week & space technology" reported in January 3rd: "the Russian Defense Minister Ivanov said, Russia may not provide RD-93 fighter engine of the export license to the Chinese. Chinese developed in cooperation with Pakistan JF-17 fighter program may thus delayed."
    The report also said, "the Pakistani air may amount to buy cut JF-17, from the original 150 frame cut to 70 aircraft, namely 3 squadrons of equipment quantity."
    The concern of the people of Pakistan army, look forward to
     The JF-17 fighter is a single seat, Chinese and Pakistan jointly developed single light fighter, the J is the "joint" means, F is "fighter" mean. In 2003 the first flight "Xiaolong" fighter (JF-17 China name), after that year a series of major activities of the building, swells in the country people position in the heart. The machine is mainly the development Chinese first aviation industry group said, "Xiaolong" prototype first flew with Yang Liwei's flight in parallel "one of the 2003 annual China public attention ten tech event".
    Pakistan air force major general, JF-17 project director Shahid Latif accept America "air forces monthly" once said in an interview in 2004, Pakistan has ordered 150 JF-17, one of the first production of JF-17 should be 16 aircraft will be delivered in 2006, the Pakistani air. Shahid Latif also said, JF-17 will use the RD-93 engine power produced by Russia, while the engine is improved by a type RD-33 MIG -29 fighters based on the use of.
    CATIC: imported RD-93 engine no problem
    The reporter learned from the JF-17 development program participants, mainly responsible for Chinese aviation equipment import and export trade Chinese aero technology import and Export Corporation (referred to as: CATIC) spokesman to: CATIC leadership has on the matter with Russia is responsible for related equipment export department for communication, Russia said export engine type RD-93 on Chinese without any questions, for the engine from the China transit to other countries, as long as it does not violate the relevant provisions of the United Nations, no problem.
    Cheng Fei: the JF-17 project is progressing smoothly
    The reporter also call for the manufacture of JF-17 Chengdu Aircraft Industrial Group company. Flying into the propaganda department vice minister Zhou Wen said: "it 'development and flight test prototype JF-17' has remained relatively good momentum. Fourth a prototype manufacturing is in progress. The machine of the future first commander than No. 01 and No. 03 first flying more interesting, but the specific first flight time can not be revealed." According to the Pakistani air force could cut 'Xiaolong' purchase quantity statement, Zhou Wen said, "this is totally inconsistent with the facts. 'Xiaolong' s development is on schedule to carry out normal. At present, '' 'in the international market is getting more and more attention."
    Then, reporters call the Pakistan embassy air attache Agha Zahir (Zaheer) colonel in the air force, he said on the two problems in detail to understand the situation, find out the next day after the reporter calls and reply. 2 days later, Colonel Zahir call the reporter, the colonel said clearly: "the development plan of JF-17 invariant, the Pakistan Air Force procurement plans are invariant JF-17."
    From -7 to JF-17 f
    JF-17 Chinese name "Xiaolong" FC-1, but people Chinese aviation industry is still used the this aircraft is called "super -7", because "super -7" is a name of the aircraft have been used for the longest time.
    In twentieth Century 80 at the end of the 1930s, has a lot of equipment Chinese f -7 fighter of the Pakistan air force is put forward, the need for a performance in the f above -7 light fighter, the Pakistan Air Force to this new machine acquisition program called "Sabre 2" (also called "Sabre 2"). Soon, China took over the "saber 2" plan, and the new machine named "super -7" ("more than f -7 meaning"). In 1989, Pakistan terminated the "saber 2" plan, and Chinese did not give up the "super -7" development.
    In 1998, Pakistan successfully conducted a nuclear test explosion, American immediately on Ba of sanctions, including the F-16 fighter aircraft spare parts, military equipment by the embargo. In 1999, a formal contract with Pakistan signed a joint development of new Chinese fighter, study the new machine by China Aviation Industry Corporation under the Chengdu Aircraft Industrial Group Company and Chengdu Aircraft Design Institute is responsible for the development, dormant for 10 years of "super -7" plan to start full force.
    In 2001, "preliminary design completed with ultra -7" aircraft; completed in 2002 with the structural design and begin to build 01 prototype; in November the same year, "the debut 1:1 full size model of super -7" at the Zhuhai air show. In August 25, 2003, "super -7" No. 01 prototype first flew successfully in chengdu. Reporter specially interviewed in Chengdu, found in the development of party get news information, the new machine has been renamed "Xiaolong" FC-1 (Pakistan "lightning" name JF-17), and "super -7" this name has never become history.
    Pakistan will be 80% troops were massed in the India Pakistan border near especially in Pakistani kashmir. Pakistan to India air force air force as the first battle object. India air force is currently the only fighter has more than 700 aircraft, including a large number of MIG -29, Su -30, phantom -2000 and other advanced models, and the Pakistan Air Force combat aircraft for a total of not more than 400 aircraft.
    Since 2000, Pakistan's military for 4 consecutive years without a major growth. Due to the limitation of national economic strength, Pakistan air force cannot invest a lot of money in the procurement of equipment, thus puts forward requirements for the purchase price of the fighter:
    Before work began to develop JF-17 fighter, Pakistan had for its future main battle aircraft made 3 points, A, aircraft must have ability to medium range air to air missile oth attack; B, the service life of the engine, thrust to weight ratio and flight significantly higher than f -7; C, unit price must be controlled within about $8000000.
    