    JF-17 "lightning": the spirit of Pakistan
    -- an interview with air Vice Marshal Shahid. Latif (JF-17 "lightning" fighter development project manager)
    In the late 80's, the Pakistan air force began to seek a new fighter to replace its, after a number of upgrades, but the service life is about to reach the end of old-fashioned China producing F-6 fighter. "Saber 2" plan followed by birth, the initial idea is very simple, the Pakistani military wanted to adopt advanced equipment combined with America Chinese F-7 body, engage in a "Westernization" of F-7. Grumman received a for this type of machine concept research contract in 1987 January, after 7 months with Pakistan and Chinese expert cooperation, the concept of pre research work is then suspended. Pakistan's military thought, compared with other alternatives, the high cost of the scheme, and as the future the main production base of PAC also need through the technology transfer agreement to improve their technical level greatly, the need to spend a lot of time and budget. So Pakistan's military thought to carry out the program even if only in the fiscal budget will take a lot of risks. With the 1989 Chinese and USA rupture relations, Pakistan also completely terminated the development plan.
    "When we abandon the project, Chinese but will be on their own R & D off. Whether in common R & D work issues, we performed and Chinese the long time debate. Until 1995, we finally and Chinese signed a memorandum of understanding on cooperation in research and development: a fighter." Shahid. Latif admiral told the author.
    "After 4 years, the details of the design of the project gradually put into practice. To 1999 June, we signed and Chinese formal contract research and development of new fighter, Chengdu Airplane Company and supporting the FC-1/ super 7 fighter (JF-17 Chinese number) R & D work immediately started. However, the signing of the contract within the next 18 months, the R & D work in progress is quite slow, the main reason is because of the impact of sanctions: some we want to integrate into Western avionics equipment manufacturing JF-17. We couldn't have got one's wish to buy."
    Project
    "In the early 2001, R & D plan has finally made a breakthrough progress, the reason mainly lies in the Pakistan air force made an important decision: in the design of flight platform at first not to consider the integration of avionics equipment problems. It is because we in Avionics Integration demands resulted in the entire schedule slowly. The adoption of this development plan new development strategy in fact also ensures that after adopting the advanced avionics. But we in the late 90's to buy it if we need avionics equipment, so now the development of JF-17 undoubtedly will be comprehensive, not like now so just flying platform test. (coincidentally, Pakistan's rival India air force LCA Fighter Program at present are faced with the same problem of suffering.) The development strategy is determined, we set the project schedule."
    "According to our requirements, JF-17 should be completed the first flight in 2003 June. I remember. Mir Ali Air Force General at the beginning of 2003 called me into his office, and asked me: "when JF-17 can you have made you believe in June completed the first flight?" At that time, my answer is yes. But I really did not expect to then swept through the China SARS on China caused hit. Despite the SARS come unexpectedly hit, JF-17 was in June was transferred to the flight test center ready for first flight. In 2003 September 2nd, after the later than originally planned 3 months, prototype JF-17 01 (PT-1), finally completed the first flying machine. The third prototype 03 (PT-3), in April 9th of this year for the first flight. 2 days later, two US Air Force Test Pilot: Mohanmode. EJE sang. And ER. Huck air force major and Rachid Habibi air force major was driving PT-3 completed their first flight, the two pilots in the Chengdu Airplane Company's flight test center. Soon after, the two test pilot work was two just graduated from Imperial College qualified flight test pilots replaced."
    Figure is the completion of the first flight of the JF-17 in April 7th of this year (-17 joint strike fighter, fighter). JF-17 is a highly controversial fighter, as far as Pakistan is concerned, it is not the nature of the state development projects, strictly speaking, it is only a kind of independent investment by the Pakistan Air Force fighter development! With the introduction of a large number of high technology Aerospace Engineering JF-17 of its own, and the ultimate realization of Pakistan's self-produced, Pakistan air force finally got a multirole fighter is a good performance, is truly the first meet an aspiration of the Pakistani air force for a long time: the ability to obtain the beyond visual range air combat. For the third world countries air force, JF-17 price will enable them to have the opportunity to obtain high performance fighter can afford; JF-17 does not have any additional requirement for political advantage also makes the combat effectiveness of the Pakistan air force fully guarantee, thus eliminating the sanctions at the mercy of. I believe such a fighter can obtain a plurality of third world countries in favor of the air force.
