    Xinhua Chengdu on 29 April, (Liu Yonghua, Liu Jimei) "Xiaolong full state 04 aircraft, 03 aircraft and 01 compared with the two major bright spot: one is the use of advanced 'Beng' inlet design technology, two is the configuration of the full state advanced avionics system." Chengdu aircraft design and Research Institute Vice Chief Architect Zhu Qian '04 aircraft in 28 days after the success of that first flight.
    The so-called 'Beng' inlet, also called non across the road in front of the air inlet of the air inlet, is on the body design of a drum kit, with drum bag instead of Bi Tao and palette of traditional system, to enter the inlet air is pre compressed by the drum kits, and blowing boundary layer. "Clam" type inlet design is more advanced technology aircraft aerodynamic field, to improve the performance of aircraft platform, which has high practical value. "This technology we and USA basic synchronization research, at present only the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and JF-17 in American 04 aircraft have been used." Zhu Qian said.
    '04 aircraft also equipped with the most advanced highly integrated avionics and weapon systems, configuration "a flat three" cockpit display devices, integrated control display to replace the backup all instrumentation system, good man-machine interface with more abundant operational information to pilots, convenient operation. Zhu Qian said: "the space integrated design technique is a high and new technology in the world, the success of the first '04 aircraft flying, marks the development of integrated avionics system has made significant progress, to achieve this technique from introduction to export across."
    '04 aircraft is the China Aviation Industry Corporation and the Pakistan Air Force joint investment, research in Chengdu aircraft design institute belongs to by China Aviation Industry Corporation, Chengdu aircraft industry (Group) Co. Ltd. and the China aviation technology import and Export Corporation and other units, according to the demands of international and domestic market, the independent development of advanced light multirole fighter development. '04 aircraft first flew after the comprehensive assessment of scientific research flight test, identification of the airframe and loading of the various functions of the system.
