    US security expert America "strategic research" website recently reported that an unnamed prediction --
    The United States to raid Iran may have ten major signs
    Nie Yun
    In April 23rd, Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid Reza Asef said, Iran will continue to conduct uranium enrichment, nuclear program has "irreversible". With the increasingly tense American confrontation with Iran, the Iran nuclear issue actually decide on what path to follow by multi analysis.
    "The Russian news" reported in April 18th in Russia, according to a senior international security experts predict that, if the international community's support, American may take military action against Iran in the 2007.
    Russia "Pravda" reported on April 20th, the Israeli military analysts believe that Israel might attack Iran's nuclear facilities by the end of the year, to break the deadlock in the.
    In April 21st, American Deputy Secretary of state Nicholas Burns hinted, America on the nuclear issue of Iran government is more and more impatient. If the Security Council can not take action against Iran, America may be combined with partial state separate hands.
    So, in the end whether beauty to raid on Iran? When a possible raid? Recently, American security experts USA "strategic research" website quoted an unnamed article, from another point of view, this answer.
    This security experts say, sign in any significant events in the world will have traces the emergence of world attention, just in different degree. As a sudden air attack. If America or Israeli air strikes on Iran's nuclear facilities, is likely to appear the following symptom in 10 aspects, and these countries intelligence personnel may sign a contemptuous disregard.
    One, due to the Iran from India ocean is near, America Navy is likely to hold large-scale military exercises in India ocean. The U.S. military is likely to mobilize 6 support aircraft carrier battle groups to enter India ocean. American each carrier is generally equipped with about 60 combat aircraft. A 6 aircraft carrier can carry about 360 combat aircraft, can form a powerful air strikes. Not only that, each aircraft carrier battle groups can carry a lot of "Tomahawk" cruise missile. "Tomahawk" can hit 2000 kilometers target.
    Two, in order to prevent Iran from ballistic missiles on the deployment of U. s.troops in the Persian Gulf region to fight back, before the attack U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf region countries are likely to carry out the so-called "normal exercise routine", took the opportunity to put the deployment has to intercept ballistic missile capability "Patriot" anti-aircraft missiles to Iraq, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia and other countries. In order to confuse opponents, American forces will often undertake similar exercises. Among them, does not rule out when the air raid drill conducted air strikes happen suddenly, really.
    Three, U.S. long-range bomber B-52H, B-1B and B-2 all have ten thousand km distant voyage, once deployed in India ocean base of Diego Garcia, ready to start the remote air raid on Iran. These bombers can carry cruise missiles to attack AGM-86B, 2500 km from the target. Therefore, if the Americans secretly decided to launch air strikes on Iran, is likely to long-range bombers like the B-52H deployment in advance to India ocean base of Diego garcia.
    Four, the U.S. military might in the region around Iran, such as the U.S. military base in Iraq or Afghanistan and sudden deployment of F-117 and F-22 stealth fighter. In the U. S. Army fighter forces, most has the penetration ability of the models is the F-117 and the F-22 stealth fighter.
    Five, in the Western Pacific Ocean Guam base suddenly deployed B-2 stealth bombers. In Guam, the U. S. military has special facilities maintenance cost expensive B-2. If necessary, Guam B-2 stealth bomber could fly to India ocean at Diego Garcia base, input air raid.
    Six, U.S. suddenly closed strict measures of B-2 in American native large bases -- Whitman air force base, in order to prevent leakage of concerned to take major military action news, especially from hostile countries spies snooping base secret.
    Seven, American DOD suddenly busy, the sudden increase in the number of the catering company, delivered pizza to the Ministry of national defense.
    Failure phenomenon appears suddenly air base near eight, some American in Arabia telephone. When some local Arabia boy began to overhaul and attempt to recover the call, some look like America FBI agent who will be around there and stalking.
    Nine, U.S. forces began in Guam, Diego Garcia and the Persian Gulf deployment of KC-135 and KC-10 tanker. As everyone knows, the U.S. military long-range bombers and the aircraft carrier combat aircraft once to take significant action, the need to increase the air combat time.
    Ten, America diplomats began to rush about, asked the Iran some neighbors to allow U.S. warplanes temporary stationed or allow us fighter jets flying over its airspace if necessary.
    If the US or Israeli air force future air strikes against Iran, may not show signs of so much. Moreover, these signs once appear, also not is what secret. Intelligence personnel in a contemptuous disregard. However, things may just then took place.
