    In April 27th, in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, NATO Secretary General Natsu Hou Ya Bo in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization informal meeting of foreign ministers of the press conference speech. On the afternoon of the same day, NATO foreign ministers meeting in Sofia held informal. The meeting will be ready for the November NATO summit to discuss major issues in Riga, including NATO and non member states to strengthen relations and issues of NATO expansion. The ministers will also discuss the current from the political angle of NATO in Afghanistan, Kosovo and Africa Darfur operations essence significance.
    Xinhua News Agency reporter Bao Jie perturbation
    Xinhua Sofia on 28 April, (reporter Shang Xuqian Bao Jie) NATO foreign ministers this week in the Bulgarian capital Sofia held an informal meeting for two days, the most striking the meeting topic than outside its traditional areas of NATO countries to build the so-called "global partnership". NATO "tentacles" to other parts of the world, is a sensitive topic, natural causes people's extensive concern.
    "Global partnership" is the United States card
    According to reports, NATO and the Pacific Rim countries such as Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Korea and Sweden, Finland and other countries to strengthen relations and eventually build a "global partnership" idea is proposed by the United States to get help for us now and in the future global military action. At the same time, these countries in NATO to come in, can consolidate the United States control of nato.
    In 27 held a press conference, the French Foreign Minister Douste - Blazy pointed out, NATO's center of gravity should not be offset, at the same time, NATO should be attached importance to strengthening relations with the European union. NATO is currently has 26 member states, 20 partnership for peace, the 7 Mediterranean dialogue countries. If other than traditional European - sector the Atlantic countries to strengthen relations, these countries are facing a "right" problem. These countries in NATO's role in, have much to say? The questions remain unanswered. NATO Secretary General Natsu Hou Ya Bo said, these problems are difficult to answer.
    Natsu Hou Ya Bo said, the reason why these countries to strengthen relations with NATO, because these countries have or are about to engage in the NATO action, therefore, strengthen the contact with them is logical. Are transition NATO task changes, while the security situation now need a "global partnership".
    NATO function change
    With the end of the cold war and its opposite the Warsaw Pact dissolved, as a product of the cold war NATO should continue to lose the reason of existence. But NATO not "die", but through the enlargement and the strategic adjustment at the end of the cold war and continuously improve the military strength, expand their turf.
    NATO has accelerated the pace of strategic adjustment in "9 - 11" after incident happening. According to the USA said, because of the security situation in the world has changed fundamentally in the "9 - 11" after incident, so NATO's transformation will also be in the global impact, NATO will "logical" to become a "world" organization.
    Just see NATO as in recent years, knew that NATO's functions have undergone tremendous changes: NATO in the post Cold War continue to expand their "peacekeeping" scope; quick reaction force formed have considerable ability to act; to strengthen cooperation and partnership for peace in the expansion at the same time, and to establish the cooperation mechanism with the Asia Pacific in some countries, will be their own "tentacles" to further regional. NATO officials have repeatedly claimed that the ability to the development of NATO action anywhere in the world. Thus, NATO is no longer a simple collective defense organization, it is increasingly prominent in the initiative side. It can be said, NATO is now roles including counterterrorism, crisis prevention, prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, peacekeeping, disaster relief and protection of energy security, involves widely.
    "Global partnership" sword where
    28 Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said, and which countries to strengthen relations although NATO housework, but will no doubt affect the geopolitical, for Russia to NATO on the issue of transparency, to eliminate the security concerns of russia. For NATO's intention, other countries did not have doubts?
    Natsu Hou Ya Bo said, NATO intends to strengthen relations with Asian countries can be roughly divided into two categories, one category is a supplicant countries such as Australia and New Zealand NATO; another kind is interested in NATO, to come to the countries, such as japan.
    There are reports that the United States is the intent of establishing regular contact mechanism with these countries, and to give these countries a "privileged partnership" status, so as to let them have some voice in nato. Thus, the relationship between the adjustment of global strategy is the move of NATO and its "chief". It can be said, a major strategic adjustment of NATO "are the important embodiment of the will of the leader".
    Although said a NATO expert in an interview with Xinhua before, limited cooperation with these countries only, Jaap de Hoop Scheffer also has repeatedly claimed that NATO's intention to do "World Police", but NATO attach so much importance to strengthen cooperation with these countries, can not let people suspect that NATO's "global partnership" what sword where.
