    Restricting the development of key technologies of secret development of three major bottleneck
    India to build the "army" of the news attracted high attention of all countries. According to India media, India's Air Force Chief of staff Tiyagi said, some developed countries in the development of space combat has already stepped into the development of space laser weapons and therefore India should be established as soon as possible space operation command. India ever built space force strength, become the people focus.
    Star shape
    According to the USA "defense news" report, India in 1999 had envisaged the establishment of space operations command, the war in Iraq and the war in Afghanistan, space weapons and satellite intelligence made military action against U.S. forces play an important role in the success, this strengthened the determination of India. In 2000, the India air force space command to the feasibility study on the establishment of demonstration, in 2005 completed and submitted to the government for approval.
    At present, India has a space complete organization, from the following aspects for the future army Army ready:
    First, the construction of India secret military satellite network and space weapons. According to Russian media reports in mid April, India is the construction of satellite information network can be used for military purposes. The network may be built in 2007. Experts said, the network can monitor to the site of the explosion, all the surrounding area missile silos and military conflict. At the same time, India has announced it will have for laser weapons in space operations in 5 years. The India is also stepping up development of anti satellite technology, including particle beam weapons, orbital interceptor and jammer, India, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre called "strong electron accelerator Cali -5000" also in the late completion of installation, and can be used as an anti satellite weapon.
    Second, actively develop breakthrough space shuttle technology. As early as in 2001 July, in the city of Saline Lake "America global propulsion conference", India announced its space model plane graph. The printing shuttle avant-garde design, completely broke the frame America shuttle, whole modelling fluency, nose pointed wings, fuselage wide, short. The machine was named "Aiwata". Its main characteristics is to take off without oxygen, 21 tons of liquid oxygen flight need to be in the spacecraft took off after an hour in the atmosphere made cruise. It is in the atmosphere at 8 times the speed of sound in air flight, first, to separate oxygen liquefied storage, and then again by cryogenic rocket engine replaced push, push into the orbit. The design of machine weighs only 25 tons. Allegedly, single stage "Aiwata" can enter the orbit 100 kilometers high, can launch 1000 kilogram satellite. A "Aiwata" will be able to complete the 100 orbital flight. Because of the "military potential application Aiwata", research work has been carried out in a strictly confidential case.
    Third, speed up the development of manned space technology. At present, India is actively design spacecraft landing on the moon, and is experimenting with prototype, lunar mission is expected to start in 2007. In addition, India also hopes to travel to Mars, eager to join the global boom in the exploration of mars.
    Fourth, conduct extensive international cooperation. At present, India and the United States have united to form a space partners, while India also deepen cooperation with the Russian space. In 2005 September, India and the EU signed an agreement, formally joined the EU "Galileo" satellite navigation system, become the fourth to join the system, non EU countries. India is currently hiring of Israel "Horizon -5" satellite negotiations, the satellite can cover 500 km wide area.
    Fifth, focus on the cultivation of software talents in space. As software giants, India are numerous software talents, selection and training of talents in space.
    It is precisely because has considerable strength, India home to set up a space combat command voice heard. India air force even appealed to the strategic forces command (in charge of India's nuclear weapons) into space combat command.
    Facing many technical problems and potential safety problems
    Although the India Aerospace military development momentum is very fierce, but as the Indian Air Force Chief of staff Tiyagi said, build space combat command requires a certain amount of time. At present the printing space existing in the development of technology, capital and safety bottleneck.
    It is a technology is not comprehensive, resulting in some spacecraft unable to practical application, India overall technical level has a large gap compared with the developed countries. India has launched its first military reconnaissance satellite, but of little value. A India senior army officer said India's military is no corresponding equipment for better treatment of the satellite image, also have this aspect of personnel training.
    Two costly. India has 1/3 population still living below the poverty line, India's foreign debt of $about 100000000000. The development of the space cost greatly, India many domestic personage points out, such as the India poor countries should not start so much of the space program, the money can be used to solve the contradiction and the development of the domestic economy.
    Three there are many security risks. In February 23, 2004, a tragedy occurs from the east coast of India city about 10 miles to the bay of Bengal Sriharikota space research organization based in India, the explosion of the space center on the island of the occurrence of a rocket propellant processing factory. The space center since its inception, has always been small accidents. Accidents and safety hidden danger not only caused great influence on India space infrastructure, but also restrict the future development of India aerospace.
