    In April 21st, the U. S. military in Afghanistan foreign liaison officer Colonel David Sanchels declared in an interview with the media, in order to prevent the "base" Qaeda terrorist eavesdropping, U.S. troops in Afghanistan has recently been on the emergency replacement of all common password. San Chelsea expresses at the same time, in accordance with the previous practice, the U.S. troops in Afghanistan usually every 6 months to update the password again, but will speed up the frequency of update, the update interval is reduced to 2 months, and will use frequency hopping code machine higher safety factor.
    "Former terrorists": "base" already to decipher the password
    Under media questioning, San Chelsea admitted that the U.S. troops in Afghanistan this rush to cause change password, because a is out of the "base" organization "former terrorists" recently declared that the "base" organization in early 2005 cracked the general cipher in Afghanistan, and rely on the crack the code and get a comprehensive grasp of the U.S. intelligence activities and trends.
    The "former terrorists" San Chelsea said, named Mohamed Dvali Atala, is an Egyptian, he disclosed the news in an interview with the Arabia TV interview. He said: "a lot of people think that Al Qaeda is only a relatively tight terrorist organization structure. But in fact, their operation and a large Multi-National Corporation, or even a country, the internal division of labor is very clear.
    "Base" organization about dozens of people have been assigned exclusively to decipher passwords task execution. In 2005 February, the decoding work has made great progress and has basically mastered the general code of U.S. forces in afghanistan. Therefore, in the face of U.S. arrests, the 'base' almost every time to grasp the trend of early american."
    Analysts: "base" is indeed translated capability
    This remark atlas for U.S. security measures "foolproof" always claim would be tantamount to a "bolt from the blue". Although the relevant institutions in Afghanistan has repeatedly said, the authenticity of the atrazine speech remains to be investigated, but the emergency replacement of the new password move seems to have the default password deciphered the fact. In this regard, analysts have pointed out that, from the current actual situation, "base" organization does have deciphered in Afghanistan general password.
    First of all, the common password used by U.S. troops in Afghanistan is relatively simple, not difficult to decipher. Due to the local natural condition is very abominable, soldiers in the mountains of Afghanistan in combat in many cases can only rely on manpower to carry equipment, cannot use complex structure, larger weight encryption communication equipment. So the U.S. troops in Afghanistan has been the use of relatively simple password communication. The work to decipher it to "base" organization to provide the possibility.
    Secondly, the "base" with strong technical strength and rich experience of us struggle. According to confidential information acquired America intelligence agencies, "base" organization has recruited a large number from India, Saudi Arabia, Russia, Germany and other countries of the scientific and technical personnel, of which a considerable part of cryptography is expert in mathematics and computer has research aspects. They completely have the ability to decipher the password.
    Can't catch Laden and the code was broken?
    More alarming is the senior Americans, atrazine at the end of the interview also sarcastically said:"...... To some extent, and perhaps this is why the US forces in Afghanistan to capture the main reason repeatedly failed, and Ben Laden is still at large." In fact, it signs the current look, Ben Laden is still at large is indeed possible and U.S. arrests thing machine does not close, so that the "base" organization able to pre prepared about.
    Since the U.S. military launched the war on terrorism, is one of the most important goals of Ben Laden. America intelligence agencies in a comprehensive analysis of the information obtained after the parties concluded, Laden was hiding at the junction of the Afghanistan Pakistan border area. In Afghanistan immediately mobilized a large number of special forces including had successfully arrested over 121st of Sadam's task force, launched a massive manhunt action in this area. But until now, Laden is still "alive but not people, dead". This is obviously because of the U.S. raid on a link problems. The most likely is the action plan was leaked out, so that Laden can be prepared in advance, while fleeing the U.S. search scope at the same time, also eliminate all traces of. Otherwise, the U.S. military will not even find clues to.
    Especially recently, the "base" organization often against U. s.troops arrests make timely deployment of U.S. troops often makes action is nothing. On this point, even the Afghan intelligence also aware. Afghan intelligence officials have publicly said: "base" terrorist organization always seem to know in advance the U.S. troops in Afghanistan and the Afghan security forces arrest, "and is sometimes even a few clock ahead of escape from arrest", this "let a person feel very suspicious".
    The new password is not insurance
    Although the U.S. military has replaced the general new passwords, but objectively speaking, the new password is not necessarily more insurance. The military operations in Afghanistan will face the plight of moment may leak. This is because, first of all, the new password is compared with the original password, and not much more complicated. Colonel San Chelsea said that due to "let us soldiers carry overweight communication equipment combat is not realistic". 
