    EBay online show the MiGs trading record. Reporter
    Photo by Zhen Hongge
    In April 26th, citizen Zhang Cheng struck a cross-border transactions in eBay network. At the time of delivery, the seller will give him the United States transported a total weight of 8 tons of "package" -- including a 14 meters long and 4 meters high, the MIG -21 fighters (retired), two units of tractor hydraulic and accessories.
    The "package" for $24730. At present, Zhang Cheng is worried about is, how this aircraft will be brought home, and how to apply to the customs.
    Buy planes for round a childhood dream
    Yesterday afternoon, the reporter found Zhang Cheng, he opened the computer use "username eBay net 20020504maryville", showing his purchase of the baby.
    Web page shows the aircraft type for the - 21F 13, which belongs to the earlier models of MiG - 21. The fuselage is gray, the tail is coated with a symbol of Czech air force red, white and blue. Its last flight was in 1995, machine of weapon equipment has been removed.
    Zhang Cheng said, to buy the aircraft's decision is a moment to make. He was a military enthusiasts, like collecting weapons materials, has a fighter was his childhood dream, but now this dream can actually achieve.
    In the eBay online, the reporter found the seller "inkgirle" release sales records. Records show that: the information released in USA local time on April 25th, 2 people bid, netizen "mamoth2852" bid 5 times, the final bid success of the "20020504maryville" bid two times, the final transaction price is $24730. And net friend "20020504maryville" is Zhang Cheng.
    At present, Zhang Cheng has been from the Internet to the seller to pay a deposit of 2000 dollars, is waiting for the receipt of goods.
    The two bidding to buy retired fighter
    Zhang Cheng is an energy company employees, this year 34 years old. He said, on April 26th afternoon, he habitually in the eBay network, a "shopping" sell "the 21st: MiG fighter jets" information to attract him. This frame has retired fighter base price of $24000.
    "A MiG - $24000, cheaper than I open the blue bird." Zhang Cheng said he thought at first is a man on a lark, immediately bid a price, results of the system show someone higher than his bid, "I realized it wasn't kidding."
    Zhang Cheng memories, the first auction, he seriously considered for 30 minutes, ask yourself why the fighter, was prepared to pay money to buy it. Finally, one minute before the auction ended, he entered the highest price the psychological $35000, the bidder that MIG 21 St. The system displays the results so that he is very happy, he bids success, due to the addition of "mamoth2852" the highest bidders bid $24630, according to the eBay network auction rules, as long as Zhang Cheng plus $100, or $24730 can buy the MiG - 21, his highest psychological price cheaper than the more than $10000.
    Zhang Cheng said that the successful bidder after he and sellers "inkgirle" contact. "Inkgirle" to tell him of the MiG - 21 had served in Czechoslovakia, retired after the "inkgirle" from Czech in 1998 to buy the United States, has been parked in the airport in Lewiston, idaho. Use the "GoogleEarth" map search software can see the aircraft empennage delta.
    How the declaration has not yet been determined
    Zhang Cheng said, he decided to buy the plane, my wife's first reaction was: "such a big guy, buy back how placement?" About the problems he has strategy, he has been linked to the company a factory in the field, he prepared for the aircraft to arrive after the park in this factory is a piece of idle land.
    At present, perplexed Zhang Cheng is: how to get the plane back home?
    Zhang Cheng purchased the aircraft need to be borne by the buyer shipping, the seller to his "package" including the MiG fighter aircraft, two vehicles hydraulic tractor and some parts, the total weight of about 8 tons. He after consultation estimation, put the plane for container shipped back home about $15000. He said that these costs also afford, just can determine through customs inspection is not.
    Reporters yesterday contacted eBay eBay public relations department. A staff member said, eBay network has 33 sites in the world, to limit each site according to the law of the country where the goods in online transactions, the formulation can sell items and prohibit the sale of products catalog. Zhang Cheng in the eBay online to buy the aircraft itself is no problem, but the deal how aircraft shipped back home need to he solved.
    Zhang Cheng said, he in to the Beijing customs consulting whether to pass through customs, the answer is "to see the specific situation".
    Yesterday afternoon, the reporter has to Beijing customs and the General Administration of customs consulting it, without a clear answer. The General Administration of Customs news office staff Mr. Tao said, domestic had also no purchase individual retired fighter from overseas precedent, Zhang Cheng is the first.
    Link 
    MIG 21F13
    MIG 21 st is in the former Soviet Union in the early 50 century development of supersonic fighter, is also after the Second World War produced a fighter most, there are nearly 50 Air National more than 2000 aircraft MIG 21 st still in use. Western to MIG FGF-21 nickname is "Yu wo". The MIG 21F 13 part of the production of the former Soviet Union sold to Poland, Czech, the former East Germany and other countries.
    
