    Urumqi 26 April, today, a group of portable sewing machine located in Ali Plateau border team. Disappear once from the filling garment caravan Gobi desert, Plateau border around for 40 years, the horizon boundary soldiers stand sentry, their clothing articles broken can be their own repairs, no more looking forward to the caravan service teams to problem solving.
    "Caravan on the plateau, mending clothes complement to the horizon boundary", was a highlight of Xinjiang Military Region Logistics Department of military supplies service base oil. Xinjiang is vast in territory, the difficult environment, Sinkiang army at length, height scattered. Every year, the Department must organize the Quartermaster is decorating the wife and technical personnel, with a heavy repair material and sewing equipment, composed of a caravan service team to wear the Gobi desert, on the plateau to the outpost, filling shoe for the officers and men of sewing, key signatures for number, they were welcomed by the officer corps. But the military service team tour service trip of six thousand or seven thousand kilometers, the road bumps and alpine hypoxia threat of natural and ultimately, a road tire overturning is constant some thing, only the fuel fee, vehicle repair costs each year amounted to about 100000 yuan. This approach since the beginning of the last century 60's, has continued to this day.
    This year, supplies of oil at the improvement service method, the cancellation of the caravan tour every year on the plateau in the traditional way of mending clothes. The director of Liu Rongjin said: "look at work service guarantee our spirit and the development of science perspective, some practices of the variable must change. Cancel the caravan service team objective, is to better, more real, more recent, and faster service for soldier." In early 4, the higher body of a number of dry cleaning equipment, they borrow this opportunity financing nearly 200000 yuan for the whole of all border regiment and corporation formed successively issued portable sewing machine business training base and the frontier troops from dry cleaning machine operator and clothing repair, and using the annual allocation for the basic price of clothing time will send clothing repair material base, thus leaving no go "service team for the grassroots".
    In the region of special body soldier information database was founded, I see that the Laoyemiao and Alashankou border even a translator and a soldier, morning to need to solve the special summer suit and shoes for the post. Will the required goods packaging service personnel afternoon, express out.
