    Kim Il-Sung talking about the Beijing hero
    In 1980, the North Korean leader Kim Il-Sung to Beijing to participate in the Korean 30 anniversary of Deng Xiaoping, met with Kim Il-Sung, the then commander of the Beijing military region Qin Jiwei at the meeting also is present. Deng Xiaoping and Kim Il-Sung at the meeting of natural talked about the war 30 years ago, Kim Il-Sung represents North Korea's state and people thank Chinese help and support, the way to Deng Xiaoping about original Volunteer Army fifteen army combat hero Yunzhen chai. Deng Xiaoping ask the original volunteer army commander of the fifteen army Qin Jiwei, Qin Jiwei said: "Chai Yunzhen is a soldier, volunteers of the fifteen army in Korea, Gangwon gold county phase peak fighting bravery, the volunteer headquarters awarded him the honorary title of a first class combat hero."
    Qin Jiwei added: "we are not aware of Chai Yunzhen's situation, once heard the news, we must promptly report to the president kim." Next to the Deng Xiaoping Qin Jiwei listened to Chai Yunzhen's introduction, but also for its conceal one's identity move move, indicating: "send as soon as possible to find Yunzhen chai. As long as the diesel Yunzhen in this world, even look for a needle in a haystack, we also want to take him up!"
    The former war hero
    Chai Yunzhen, born in 1925, Sichuan Province Yuechi county. He joined the army in 1948, 1949 joined the Communist Party of Chinese. Korean War period, the volunteer army fifteen army forty-five division one three four regiment of the eight term seven class monitor.
    In May 30, 1951, Chai Yunzhen where the troops received orders of superiors, build fortifications in the Korean art Pu Li area, blocking the enemy for 10 days, in order to cover my big troops retreat north.
    In June 4th, North Korea Gangwon gold county phase peak the fight in the sixth day. The enemy concentrated all aircraft, artillery, tanks again pounded the volunteer army positions, ground troops also seized the opportunity to volunteer positions hit, caused great casualties to the volunteer army. At noon, the enemy captured the Volunteer Army front two hills, and approaching the volunteer army's one three four regiment three battalion command post, the situation is very urgent, the battalion commander just learned from the guards even fill into the camp had seven class monitor Chai Yunzhen, to lead the class enemy.
    The captured enemy volunteer positions, are busy to construct fortifications. Chai Yunzhen took the class five soldiers only divided into two battle group, to avoid enemy fire from both sides, the raid on the right side of nameless highland. The enemy unprepared, hadn't turned the muzzle was destroyed a few, the rest of the enemy scared to running backwards. Behind the hill enemies to see their man running, and bad shooting. Chai Yunzhen seize this favorable opportunity, the command class side dozen the side chasing, and rushed to the second hills.
    The enemy retreated across the hills, re build fortifications. Chai Yunzhen found the opposite hill, higher, our position under its fire control, if not as soon as possible to take off the top of the hill, the enemy fire will not only give me the army pose a great threat, and may at any time to back to my position. Chai Yunzhen make a prompt decision, while the enemy is still confusion, quickly led three soldiers rushed to the new hill.
    Chai Yunzhen and three men to touch up the hill, only to find the enemy's battalion command post, the enemy is a scene of chaos, some people be confound at want to continue the flight, while holding the gun at the enemy leaders have tried to stop. Chai Yunzhen see this case, "gun pa", first put the enemy commander killed, facing the enemy is also a shuttle bullet. The enemy temporarily feel not clear, have fled down the hill. An enemy officer see potential bad, gun led Du corps, and bring about more than 300 enemy front drive. Chai Yunzhen then ordered loudly the soldiers: "the hard fight, do not pity the bullet!" He crawled to only tens of meters away from the enemy with a submachine gun, a Jin Meng sweep, the gun he was broke, he picked up the enemy's gun to shoot.
    During the fight, three soldiers were wounded.There are four American soldiers see only Chai Yunzhen was alone, he is holding a gun jumped him. Chai Yunzhen gun will sweep, killed three people, a black soldiers rest rushed to the front of Chai Yunzhen. Chai Yunzhen at this time has been finished with the enemy bullets, then twisting the ball. Black soldiers is tall and muscular, Chai Yunzhen thin thin, the enemy took Chai Yunzhen over at the bottom, and tightly grabbed Chai Yunzhen's neck. Chai Yunzhen very not easy to put the pressure pushed ourselves in the enemy, but the enemy and grabbed stone smashed his head. Chai Yunzhen eyes golden sparks, blood on his face, he clench one's teeth, with all his strength, hands fiercely dig to the enemy soldiers eyes, American pain about throw away the stone, with the mouth bite off Chai Yunzhen's a finger. At this time Chai Yunzhen's body had 24 injuries, he fling caution to the winds, grabbed a piece of stone, to smash down the enemy. Due to excessive force, wounds, Chai Yunzhen a coma. At this crucial moment, the volunteer army troops rushed to the subsequent......
    Chai Yunzhen will soon in the battle, the three battalion is evacuated, the friendly units on the battlefield Yunzhen wood found alive, and took him to the field hospital. A few days later, when wood Yunzhen woke up, only to find himself in a military hospital in Baotou of Inner Mongolia.
    In this fierce battle, Chai Yunzhen led the seven class soldier, won the three enemy hill, the main peak position and recapture, wiped out more than 200 people. Among them, Chai Yunzhen personally wiped out more than 100 people, including a battalion commander of the enemy, successfully completed the task of cover. May 1, 1952, approved by the volunteer army headquarters, to wood Yunzhen note principal work, and awarded the honorary title of a first class combat hero. But in the celebration, medal and certificate of honor is unclaimed.
    Troops from North Korea after returning home, did not know the whereabouts of Chai Yunzhen. Chai Yunzhen in hospital for more than a year, after the injury, he was named the disabled soldiers, with 1000 pounds of rice ticket "demobilization fee", as well as three B disability proof, quietly back to his hometown of Sichuan Yuechi County Township -- buddha. After return, Chai Yunzhen together to participate in productive labour and the local folks, never to talk about yourself so that others in the Korean War, things, he and the troops lost contact.
    Chai Yunzhen decent people, what do, folks like him. Approved by the commune, choose him as the production team leader, and then as the production of captain, Secretary of village Party branch, deputy secretary of Party committee, the district armed commune acting minister make no reply, so he lived for more than 30 years.
    But Chai Yunzhen's heroic deeds, but widespread in North korea. North Korea's primary school textbooks, there are records of wood Yunzhen deeds of the text. In Pyongyang, the Museum of the Great Patriotic War, had hung high over the hero's "portrait". No wonder Kim Il-Sung to China, still remember the volunteer army combat hero.
    A hero is found
    In order to find firewood Yunzhen as soon as possible, the first to find Chai Yunzhen's place troops, also heard Chai Yunzhen's his comrade in arms, after the upgrade of the one three four regiment Sun Hongfa deputy political commissar, and quickly and the commissar of the sun made contact, inquire about personality, Chai Yunzhen to his accents, living habits, and wood Yunzhen jobs may go place. Sun commissar memories, Chai Yunzhen glibly southwest regional accent, southern people's living habits.
    Reflect the situation up, attach great importance to the superior department, even the Deng Xiaoping know. Deng Xiaoping instructions: start all propaganda propaganda, and in the cloud, expensive, Sichuan three the size of the newspaper notice of missing person, be sure to find the whereabouts of wood Yunzhen as soon as possible.
    One day, the son of Sichuan through wood Yunzhen "Daily", he was surprised to suddenly see without notice, because, "the newspaper to find people who are too like dad". Son excitedly ran home, took the newspaper asked: "Dad, this Is it right? Looking for you?"
    Chai Yunzhen took the newspaper to look, not to regard it as right said: "the family is looking for Chai Yunzhen, your father was named 'Chai Yunzheng', words are not the same, how to find the will is my oh!" After the son listens not convinced, argued: "you certainly are, 'vibration' and 'is' just words, sound exactly the same (in local dialect); besides the above said completely and you tell us to listen to the same." Son to confirm their own speculation, but also grabbed the father that a broken finger hand said: "this is what you are a finger America devil snapped!"
    In the son, and the family's insistence, Shiba Oonzhen finally agreed to return to the army to have a look. In order to collect tolls, home to feed the two big pig all pull to sell.
    The original Volunteer Army fifteen army adapted for airborne troops, the army stationed in Hubei. When the diesel Yunzhen be fatigued with the journey arrived in force, also make a joke. On that day, appeared in front of the gate sentry army duty, is a dark, wearing a washed out the old military uniform, and like farmers like man. The sentry found this man looked around at the door, they took the initiative to ask: "who are you looking for?" Chai Yunzhen have a look the sentry said: "you do not look for me? Chai Yunzhen speaking. The guard heard, hurriedly call the executive report.
    The army chief met with the former war hero. Army head side and Chai Yunzhen pulled a cordial conversation, Chai Yunzhen's broken finger hand, inquire after sb.'s life, and asked with concern the wood Yunzhen these years family. The head of the cordial greetings and care, make Chai Yunzhen heart warm, he replied very readily: "troops back to the township since, has been good, and the villagers together to repair the earth. Supporting the elderly Fu Deng Xiaoping, the family food and clothes, what do not have to worry about!" The veteran army head before the meeting contributed not proud, simple content, I really do not know what to say.
    After the heroes find
    The news soon spread to Deng Xiaoping, Deng Xiaoping is very happy, he was pleased to say: "to find Chai Yunzhen, I will rest assured."
    Chai Yunzhen was found in the news about the troops spread, heads of the armed forces special up Chai Yunzhen to open victory meeting, please he took the report, and arranged for him to visit the soldiers in garrison, held special parachute for him, Chai Yunzhen like back home.
    The organization asked Chai Yunzhen what are the requirements, Chai Yunzhen said quietly: "no requirement, am I the one class are sacrificed, the only thing left me. I had the privilege of living in the world, should be on behalf of his comrades to do something."
    Chai Yunzhen find the news soon spread to North Korea. In 1985, Kim Il-Sung personally invited, invited Chai Yunzhen as soon as possible to visit North korea. Chai Yunzhen to North Korea, Kim Il-Sung has two times received him, and grant wood Yunzhen "level warrior" Medal of honor, and gave Chai Yunzhen two horses from the North Korea expensive brocade and two kilos of Korea ginseng.
    In Korea, Chai Yunzhen visited had fought a place, and visited the Museum of the Great Patriotic War of North Korea and Pyongyang. The museum was also linked to a piece of "hero fighting Yunzhen portrait Chai", this is the Korean artist with the wood Yunzhen appearance imagination painting out of the. When the leadership that Chai Yunzhen is alive on earth and visit the museum, nicer, their side from the wall "portrait" respectfully remove presented to Chai Yunzhen as a souvenir, said: "this period of history is the re write!"
    
