Shanghai city VS Shenzhen Jinwei, this is an ordinary super league. But for the two person, the key is the battle of relations with the fate and the future of the.
Daniel main force from the bench
In the recent round of questions about, team Shenzhen foreign aid Daniel intensified, about him is the Shenzhen team abandoned the hearsay also cause a temporary clamour. Even had been patient to give him the chance to coach Wang Baoshan, could not hide the ability to grasp the opportunity of disappointment. Reporter discovery, in 9 days to a site training, Daniel has been discharged into the lineup side, replace sb. was young fellow Huang Fengtao. Although followed coach arrangement, but Daniel in the training of the mental state is obviously not good. This sign, also seems to imply that he will gradually lost the main force position. "We the people was not much, play against in which group is normal", Wang Baoshan suggests the coaching staff decided not to "freeze" Daniel. But certainly, for Daniel didn't have much time. Main force from the bench, Daniel must be reflected in the short term, to restore the declining.
Coach Carlo Carlos be placed in jeopardy
Leave the city coach Carlos also not much time. After the beginning of the season was be struck dumb "rush", the city was finally revealed falter towards the dark horse. Nearly 5 round competition, the city got only 1 points, coach Claudio Carlos be placed in jeopardy. It is reported, the club has sounded the alarm for Carlos last round of Shenzhen, the next round of: Wuhan, if Carlos cannot DOSOMETHINPREVIOUSLYUNRELEASED inside this paragraph of time, position will not protect. In this case, Carlos would throw the helve after the hatchet for the Shenzhen team in the battle? Under the weight of the city, is bottoming out or unable to get up after a fall? Carlos this time mood must be like Daniel -- something to look forward to, more worry. (the May 9th Shanghai power Shenzhen daily news reporter Wu Ji Zhang Weizhen)
