The super ushered in one week double match, the weather is getting hot, which will undoubtedly increase the competition variables. However, the majority of matches against both sides strength clearly, should not burst particularly big winner, Shandong Luneng Yiqijuechen momentum is expected to continue.
A round with Li Jinyu's perfect performance, the Shandong team to win the Shenhua's clash, make oneself more firmly in the top position. The epicycle away game in nine over the Chongqing Lifan, win to be expected. Lifan boss Xu Hong game vent said home court to take three points, mostly for their own cheer.
Dalian Shide Beijing Guoan battle is the focus of this round of war. Aimed at defending the Shide team successive away big score after the defeat in the championship, has been with the Shandong team has 6 points behind. Win situation in extremely adverse circumstances, give up League about Shide team prepare for this idea spread like wildfire. This year's Beijing Guoan who hit the road, there is a "Road dragon", if lucky Radow adjustment is not good players mentality, even the army is likely to encounter two losing streak.
Wuhan Optics Valley at Qingdao can be fraught with grim possibilities, Qingdao has not the Wuhan team place, occupation league history, Wuhan team 4 times at the 4 wars are ink. Every green or break circles that Pei Encai is also very helpless, who only put forward to take pragmatic goal a minute.
In two ball end Shenyang team Jinde 4 wheel unbeaten record, Changchun Yatai Dalian Shide beyond the place superior second, become be worthy of the name of the northeast "boss". The Tianjin TEDA, believe that Asia peaceful this season home court all records are difficult to break. It is worth mentioning that, TEDA team and Team Yatai has the origin, Yatai team coach and several players from Tianjin, even the two foreign aid are almost from the same Chinese agent under the door.
"The draw master" team Xiamen has dropped to scoreboard from the bottom third position, the current round of home court against the more defensive Shenyang Jin De, is likely to usher in the eighth draws. The Xiamen team invited foreign consultants, but foreign consultants is very difficult to change the team in a short time look.
The last round of 2 than 4 defeat to the strength of a team to Tianjin, Liaoning team morale fell again, the home court in the face of Xi'an International, Liaozu to win great difficulty.
Carlos epicycle facing a life and death battle, Shenzhen home court battle no turning back, even draw are likely to lead to his class. In the face of the opponent team Shenzhen fight to win or die, Hushang trip is afraid very difficult.