　　表达岁月受父亲古巨山性格的影响，古力从小就形成了豪爽、不拘小节的性格，这不仅表现在他大刀阔斧、摧枯拉朽的棋风，也为他带来了不少铁杆的好兄弟。

　　就在前日刚刚结束的棋院庆功会上，作为“抗韩英雄”的古力不仅总结了坎坷的夺冠历程，还大方地表示要请重庆老乡、国家体育局局长刘鹏吃重庆火锅。而且11日与上海的围甲“渝沪争霸”就在眼前，重返家乡的古力将以重庆冷酸灵队的主将身份出战自己的第一场围甲联赛。仅以此文，为古力壮行。

　　朋友无价古力爱交朋友，这其中，他和现在的大哥、“大蓉和”董事长曹前前从陌生人到好兄弟的过程就把他个性中的豪爽一面展现得淋漓尽致。

　　认识颇具传奇色彩

　　两人的认识颇具传奇色彩：曹前前一直是围棋的爱好者，当然对古力这个重庆头牌“心有戚戚焉”，也一直有结识古力的想法。到了1999年，在成都出差的曹前前通过朋友引见，跟古力第一次见面。也许是同样豪爽的性格使然，两人居然一见如故。而在经过了多次的聊天和喝酒后，古力也认年长自己8岁的曹前前当了大哥。

　　现在古力的爸爸妈妈已经将曹前前当成了自己的亲儿子来看待，以前古力在外面耍时爸爸妈妈还有些担心，但是只要听说是跟大哥曹前前在一起，古力的父母就完全放心了。生性豪迈的曹前前在围棋界内的关系也很广，和常昊等国内一流棋手的私交甚笃。每次常昊或者上海队来重庆比赛时，都是曹前前负责全程招待。

　　最爱开门红

　　说到吃，走南闯北的古力也很有研究。不过他最喜欢的还是大蓉和的“开门红”。此开门红非彼开门红，乃大蓉和的招牌菜品，新嫩的鱼头就藏在红艳艳的甜椒下面，鲜而不腻，相当入味，吃完鱼头再用汤拌着面条吃，味道可谓相当鲜美。“开门红”也是古力的最爱，“他一个人就能吃完一盆！每次吃这个的时候，古力都要直接把菜端到自己面前，不准别人抢了。”说起古力出征韩国前的馋样，曹前前也是忍俊不禁。而就在古力回到重庆当天，他做的第一件事就是直奔大蓉和，美美地享受“开门红”和神户牛肉。在吃烦了韩国烤肉之后，还是家乡的美味能让古力解馋。
Confidence comes from brother
Now the coulee outside competition, in addition to give parents and coach Yang Yi to call, the next is definitely Cao Ge, and sometimes is not convenient to disclose my mind is to parents of Cao elder brother talk. At the end of last month's LG Cup World Chinese chess chess match, already leading 2:0 coulee was Chen Yaoye wins two games, almost lost if the world champion. In losing the fourth set after the match, the mentality has been great fluctuation coulee gave Cao before calling "Mayday call".
And with their parents when communication to be calm in front of different, Gu Li big brother revealed a lack of self-confidence, "at that time, he felt very likely to lose, as big brother, I can only tell him the 'world champion is definitely for you, to see if you are willing to take! Don't think too much, leave baggage must win! "" These simple but contains the brotherhood of words but also to ease the coulee pressure, eventually traveling light of the coulee victory in the fifth set tie breaker Chen Yaoye won his first world champion!
BMW team give me tie up
In won the LG cup, the excitement of the coulee immediately to the Cao before the call: "Cao Ge, I win! When I visited Chongqing to come get me Oh! " Then coulee specially "hint" Cao before, "I have a request, you guessed it, you must know!" "10 BMW team sai! I'm ready to go! " So, back to Chongqing that day in April 25th, Gu Li, Cao before sending the 8 BMW vastly came to the airport for the little brothers of Gu Li "tie up", "but then had two car keys can not find", talking about the scene at that time, Cao before a look of regret. However, according to Yang Yi of Chongqing chess courtyard dean introduces, this is already the highest courtesy by the Chongqing sports circles.
Louis sent thirteen man
Of course, Gu Li will also return present for present, Cao before now use mobile phone is Gu Li to South Korea game specially brought back; but in winning his first world champion, Gu Li also "bleeding" bought two bottles of brandy -- Louis's top 13, spent a total of nearly twenty thousand pieces of money, gave Cao before. Small love
Behind every successful man, there is a group of silent support of his buddies are. Although Gu Li in the light of Chongqing, other local players for outstanding results are more or less flooded, Gu Li grew up playing to large "buddies" Yue song is one of them. Since 1999 the entrance, Yue Song in the domestic game rarely outstanding performance. Although there is a large gap in go score, but two people deep "revolutionary friendship" never affected.
The love street fighter and the Three Kingdoms
　　When started to learn go, Li Yue Song more than 6 years old, 7 years old, it is curious about everything age. Because two people are similar in character, soon became good friend follow like a shadow. When two people in addition to the usual chess outside, go to the game room to play inside the then popular arcade game "Street Fighter", "Three Kingdoms" became the usual "main activities". Live in Shapingba of coulee each is a bus arrived at the two intersection of old Ki, so from a bus, ferry "pay deductions," has become the main source of funding of two person game. After the completion of chess sometimes with Yue Song, Gu Li slipped into a battle game hall.
But playing the game also brought Gu Li a "flesh disaster", Gu Li from small to large to be the father of ancient Ju Shan played the worst time because of playing the game -- with the teacher on business, go classes have a holiday, was still the old ki chess Gu Li every day to play the game hall, and then follow the usual chess at the end of the time to go home. Results there are times to learn chess ki back cost of ancient Ju Shan found go classes actually suspended, but the son was gone.
Wait until the coulee after coming home, Gu Ju Shan Gu Li to process requirements with metasomatic afternoon to learn chess, coulee humming made a few words. Ancient giant then asked coulee rematch. "Away" coulee natural stricken ancient Ju Shan suddenly and violently hit, even the grandpa and grandma are advised not to live. Li finally honest confession: these days he went to the game room, no money to play, he stood in the game while watching others play, often see is five or six hours. 5 13 dozen bottles of beer
Li can drink, which go in the circle is a place. But since the childhood, Gu Li and Yue Song in the wine on the table is always a pair of "golden partner", two people when pairing rare rival.
The most classic battle occurred in 2003 "SARS" period, Beijing is due to the SARS "heavy disaster area", so the national team players have all returned to the country of origin. Because the usual many recreational activities are not carried out, Gu Li returned to Chongqing after the main activity is to drink. Of course, song Yue is a fall back.
One of the largest occurred in the year five one, that is precisely the Gu Li a buddy's birthday, Gu Li and Yue Song noon go, each about drinking 8 bottles of "mountain city". This is just the prelude to the evening is the real battle, Yue Song recalls: "we were a total of 7 people, there are 3 drink does not move, the main is 4 people in the drink. The end of reckoning found drinking 13 dozen! "
This version of the text / Jin Xin of our newspaper reporter in this version of the picture / reporter GAOKE
Rivers and lakes
Rivers and lakes where? Some places have lakes, everyone has their own arena.
It is said that Chongqing is a city of rivers and lakes flavor, then, as the Chongqing city hero, Gu Li body accurately reflects the urban rivers trait: tough, forthright and candid. Always thought, I firmly believe that: if you were born in ancient times, ancient strength must be the sword alone, waving white knights. Ten steps to kill a person, not staying in the thousands. Fu Yi things go, with a deep hiding... This pleased enqiu, dash, perhaps is the dream of every man, just in this concrete age, we all like the bird as unable to release the long cherished wish of running rivers and lakes. But Li is in the black and white world with sharp blade vent chest infinite game, this is to belong to his pleasure of rivers and lakes.
The world will always be a conflict. The rivers and lakes is the beginning of hope, shattered dreams; the rivers and lakes are One's blood boils with indignation. ready to do boldly what is righteous; rivers and lakes is the intrigues of ruthless...... But Gu said, rivers and lakes in what can be less, is not no friends and wine. As is, say, Gu Li rivers also absolutely cannot lack the two things. Or like cologne said, "I don't love the taste of wine, but the drinking friends." For Li, his passionate personality that he traveled the world and have a friend, he can be her friend money, he is able to longtime friend abandoned at their own fame. Everybody said that Gu Li is a "middleman", perhaps such a "disposition", before they cast belong to Gu Li's unique charm.
"And in the political arena, as wind", this sentence of Mr. Zhuang Zhou's change, is the hope in all corners of the country code of conduct. Article / Jiang Jingshi
