A leader in top, one is the bottom of the table vice monitor. Lifan home court and the Shandong Luneng's competition tonight is a live up to one's name, the beginning and the end of the war, the face of a strong state Luneng, Lifan on although some "San Jin" on the mouth, but three days to prepare for or not have the slightest slack.
The defensive counter attack is the key
Monday night, Xu Hong led the team to adapt to the lighting system of newly built stadium in the Yanghe River. Until yesterday evening's final training, Xu Hong is still the team to arrange the training quantity is not small. A flat took office after a negative, although the help team Lifan stopped straight games, but the team Lifan still deep sub struggling against relegation, although modern and Beijing in the last round of the post match press conference later boasted to be returned to the home court takes Luneng, but see, the team still depressed state, Xu Hong how much some worry get angry. Rhetoric to win is one thing, the game is another thing, in the face of field strength strong team Luneng, Xu Hong could not to play on the counter attack and the other impulse. Watch the video game Luneng team before the training, Xu Hong also specially to explain the points of game players. After all, from the comparative strength and status, defensive team Lifan is the most sensible choice.
A night at the movies to relax
Repeated conquests adverse, Lifan team has announced in 7 with a full closed training mode, before walking training married players also all left behind, executive vice president of Chen Hongye football club based in person at the club. A player because quietly out after being found, was fined ten thousand yuan heavy, this is even higher than in him a month's salary.
However, last night after the end of the training, the Lifan team collective watch the first Korean film "Andrew Lau" daisy. For this unique way to relax, the club is still quite recognized: "Xu Hong's training course is very involved, often even he forgot the time schedule, the devil and the devil training, the players still need to relax. By watching movies this healthy and positive way to relax, can let the players rest."
Newspaper reporter Wang Cheng Intern He Yan
