Memory 2005
Australia "revolution of Hiddink"
In memory of Hiddink, still clearly remains some clips on the summer of 2005. It was on the eve of World Cup qualifier in Oceania division of the battle, he just took the Australian team coach. "I saw the Australian team at the Confederations Cup match video then. I found the team players are very good, strength is very good, excellent physical quality. But they seem to defense is playing an outdated, incorrect football -- group of players huddled in the restricted area before the 20 to 25 meters in front of the region, leaving two strikers assault, even if the other side is only one striker is so. They are meaningless round-trip run consumed a lot of physical strength, the pace of the game did not change the speed. Play game, no matter who can't take this. "
A "revolution" of the idea germinated from Hiddink's mind at that moment. His stubborn determination, you have to change the country "primitive" football tactics. So, on the eve of Uruguay and the World Cup coming, Australian players experienced an unprecedented painful training. Hiddink put them -- a group of most players playing in England, in a small town near Eindhoven, exercise his Holland football over again. "I need them on the tactics to make the shift. I asked them to make full use of the stadium space, open to play attacking football. For a start, they are not used to no teammates around the game, but the modern football is like this. Fortunately, the players are willing to learn new things, so we will again and again in practice, waiting for the day that mature tactics."
The autumn seemed particularly long, "Australian revolution" which once seemed fruitless, the players are always present back to the habits of the English Premier League football. Until a game in Jamaica, the results just overnight drop from the clouds. "One day, I suddenly found that, players can get me to teach them something, use the game to the. Hence we will succeed. " The world cup then Ruqierzhi, Australia get out of Uruguay, the first to enter the world cup 32 years. That day there are Australian journalist evaluation: "with a very short time Hiddink, put a tactical team turmoil, into an organized and order the team."
Memory 2005-2006
"Have a foot in two camp" is not a contradiction
In essence, Hiddink is actually a very stubborn person. Holland team at Euro 1996 defeat gave him too deep impact, since then he always make some "principles" for his coaching -- even the strange and eccentric, is unshakable. Hiddink still thinks, in 2002 he successful in South Korea, mainly not because Park Ji-Sung are on the pitch or running, said the South Korean team developed what superhuman physical strength, but because in Korea, everything he said to calculate.
He said: "when he first came to Korea, there are always some external factors, interference in the national team. In my opinion, this force to the construction and development of the national team, is devastating. So I in the Korean national team boss under the rules, only one -- that's what I, only I can for the team to say. In addition, I will be responsible for only one person -- the Korea Football Association chairman. Other people, I do not need to report to them what I was doing. Then I took the team in Europe. To play, the president said the money is not the problem, so I insist on doing."
In the summer of 2005, in fact, there are many national team had secretly contacted with Hiddink, but eventually they will quietly leave. Because this time, Hiddink also made an odd principles -- must also coached the PSV eindhoven.
"There have been some national team have contact with me, but most of them required me to give up the Eindhoven, in sole charge of their team. And I, do not want to at that time -- to create time to be shaped to leave PSV eindhoven." According to Hiddink, the Australian Association initially did not agree with his two, but in him. Not dry and "reason" double "stress", Australian Football Association finally compromise. "I promised them, because they finally said, I can accept the fact that concurrently Eindhoven coach."
In fact, in the 2005-06 season, most of the time, Hiddink was in Europe, only in the Australian home court game, before he went to australia. "The Australian team most players play in the Europa League, they can be in Eindhoven game dormant period, here training. I know a place, 10 kilometers from the city center, away from where the outside interference. I took them in there, like this have what not good?"
Reporter reminded, in 2005, the Australian Super League is taken to the threshing ground be rash and too much in haste. Does the A-League players, not really a worth a look? "No, I don't think I forgot about them. I have an assistant, he will pay attention to each field A-League, tell me whether there appeared worthy of selected players."
The prospect of 2006
Believe me, we can get into the top 16
In the history of the world cup, the Australian has never won the ball. 32 years ago, their first World Cup, with a flat two negative, into a ball of shame result, ended the journey -- coincidentally, that a world cup, is held in germany. This time, a month later, the same country
