    This is a cross century again, this is a make up the historical chess event. Came 27 days on May 23rd, in the beautiful Shenyang Expo Park, nine year veteran shook the world chess go from three China, Japan and South Korea, will stage a showdown. Yesterday, one of the dimension, old game participants China weiqi association chairman Chen Zude said, he will be unveiled in Shenyang in 2006, Japan, South Korea chess senior tour very much looking forward to: "this is a make up the history of the competition!" Three senators gathered for the first time the three senior tour by the State Sports General Administration of sports management center, chess and card Chinese Weiqi Association, sponsored by the Shenyang Sports Bureau, Shenyang Sports Federation, the Shenyang evening news, Shenyang city go Association, the Shenyang television station Co. The competition location is located in Shenyang Expo Gardening world, is in Shenyang city in 2006 to undertake the highest level competition in 2006, is one of the widely concerned both at home and abroad important sports events. In Japan and South Korea chess game veterans are go representative in twentieth Century the world's most famous character, they are China team of Chen Zude, Wang Runan and Nie Weiping; the Japanese team Jan Lamb, Miyamoto Naotake and Hane Yasumasa; the South Korean team gold, tin and Yin Qixuan Chan Yin river. In addition to three veterans of Chinese having a great reputation, Japan's Jan Lamb is a generation of weiqi giant Wu Qingyuan's disciple, had three straight Meijin, Honinbo five won, by the Japanese "chess road" magazine "Axin" the honorific Qijie; nine Miyamoto Naotake Duan Shicong in the Kansai ki founder Motowoo Taro nine section bridge, he led a delegation to visit China in 1974, play had a crucial impact on the life of Nie Weiping's fate. Chinese chess fan relatively strange Jin Yin is a famous Korean super nine players. The equivalent of South Korea's "Chen Zude", from the beginning of 1965, South Korea has entered a be worthy of the name "Jin Yin era", have influenced the South Korean chess circles for more than 10 years, the late seventy's, due to the rise of Cao Xunxuan, new people and so on Xu Fengzhu, Jin Yin gradually withdrew from the tournament in the first line. But is he will go South Korea on the modern road. Chen Zude: This is the chairman, make up the history of the competition to the original China ki Chinese weiqi association president Mr. Chen Zude, yesterday in accepting our newspaper reporter to interview for the game gave high evaluation, "this is the first time the world!" Chen said, "before we just respectively engaged in Japan and South Korea the Senate race, we this batch of three national player party or for the first time, so this game let people excited." Chen Zude said, because of historical reasons, when he and the period between Korea and Japan have reached a peak in the respective master chess has not played, this can be regarded as a historical regret, and the three senior tour is to remedy a regret of his era players, fill a history of world go blank, will also have a far-reaching impact on China go. When Chen Zude heard that the game will in the beautiful Shenyang Expo Park was held, is very happy: "that is too good, I have heard that there is very beautiful, I think there will be a time to enjoy the game! The party is too exciting! " Expo Park will be writing the world go story beautiful Expo Park in Shenyang has ushered in the eight Party of tourists, and the nine China Japan South Korea chess the patriarch of the cross century party, will write a much told story to this beautiful place. It is understood, the tournament will be held in the 25 and 26 cross match, two days time, when unable to fight a decisive battle chess senators will show their skills, leaving a classic game. Checkerboard mountain, the spread of legends and stories, embodies the history and reality of the fusion of beauty, here, will usher in a master's laughter; Expo Park, together with flowers and green grass, the transmission of the human and the nature harmonious idea, here, will also leave a better world chess......
