The Sohu sports news this afternoon, in Qingdao can the Wuhan team against in their own home court. Because the two sides are ailing, the game will be a who can not afford to lose the game on both sides, who won the competition also means the echelon Road 6 get. At present, the comprehensive analysis of aspects of the situation, the home court battle in Qingdao can occupy, geography, and, today's game is expected to be undefeated.
Status: Wuhan four wheel winless Qingdao is expected to rebound
The away game to challenge the Wuhan team nearly four round match made two flat two negative, although the overall ninth in the championship, but only the bottom of the Chongqing Lifan team of more than 5 points, also have the risk of degradation. In Qingdao can the team with the Wuhan team in less under the condition of the round gap is just a ball gap, so this game, is a relegation battle between, who can win the relegation battle to occupy certain advantages in the back. In a sense, seemingly sleep without any anxiety Han once the defeat will be completely transferred to the relegation zone, this point coach Pei Encai is know. But in this season's, Qingdao is one of the very stable team. Although almost in front of all the teams they are forced to fight, but to avoid relegation in the same area team to pinch, and even if they can't get the three points, also ensure that retreats, fully meet the relegation and the points of the objective. Although in the last round of a ball small negative Shenzhen Jinwei, but the scenes of Qingdao team also had the good opportunity, but poor luck. The home court battle, they rally considerable.
War: Wuhan personnel not entire Qingdao strong soldiers and sturdy horses
Compared with the previous season, now the Wuhan team very helpless, can not front the phenomenon has become the biggest stumbling block for troubled team made the ideal progress. Although a wheel zhanba, coach Pei Encai said this round will continue to "smuggled goods" foreign aid jiox opportunity, but personal sorrow and joy be known to all. Current, Wuhan battle and even general fold. The main striker Giosen round opponent was injured, Sun Feng against the team in Xiamen leg injury recurrence, the No.2 Li Hao finger was seriously injured, war may very little, today's game, Pei Encai Paibingbuzhen stretched when not. But this competition team Qingdao's main man Liu Junwei suspended from the Zhongwei, plus the Qu Bo condition is getting better and better and let the Qingdao team right the resurrected Tan Wangsong, Qingdao team in the personnel aspect obvious dominant.
The war history: Qingdao has not the Han land
Occupation league history, Wuhan team four times at Qingdao results four and Mexico, has not won a game victory. Especially in last year's second round away 0:2 defeat the match in Qingdao, although Pei Encai mouth "is not a normal game" has so far failed to have a clear statement, but every green or break circles always makes Wuhan people full of fear. From this point of view, Wuhan club general manager Chen Xudong once described Qingdao as "China football Bermuda" not much.
Tactical Analysis: Qingdao one win Wuhan counterattack
The existing allocation of players, team Qingdao strength is not in a short time is greatly improved. But unyielding "iron egg" will strain every nerve to safeguard the Wuhan team unbeaten home court, while Qu Bo, Jiang Ning and Liu Jian before the game interspersed with would become his most important weapons. Feel the relegation pressure the Wuhan team coach Pei Encai will see their team four rounds extremely score, hit the defensive counter attack attack opponents, for Pei Encai is a helpless but good choice.
From the analysis of the strength of the two sides, Wuhan has the advantage of technology should be considerable, but if can not front the phenomenon continues to exist, then in Yin Tiesheng to have gained nothing, defend the possibility of cloth under the instead by the other opportunistic attack succeeded greatly. There is reason to believe that, the game home court battle Qingdao team can take points.
In Qingdao can the team expected the starting line-up: 22- Li Shuai; 2- Yang Lei, 15- Liu Junwei, 16- Ye Rongshun, 40- Tan Wangsong; 7- 17-, 6- Liu Jian, Qin Sheng, Lv Gang, Liu Zhiyong 18-, Qu Bo 11- 21- Jiang Ning;
Wuhan Optics Valley team is expected to the starting line-up:: 22- Wang Yu; 3- Sun Feng, 4- Cai Xi, 34- Wang Xiaoshi; 7- Wang Wenhua, 8- Zheng Bin, 14- Wu Peng, Zhou Yi, 15- 20- Zhang Xinxin, 23- Tan Si 12- jiox;
(Sohu sports Song Mingzhu)