HKEJ Dalian special news (special correspondent Sun Wei) Konese cold of the injured, Milton cook on the main force position. This is Beijing even on the eve of World War II, the biggest variable Guoan appear.
Yesterday afternoon, the national security team performed one hour adaptability training stadium in Jinzhou. Coach Shen Xiangfu forthrightly laid out 442 formation. But because the foreign aid Konese in front of a game leg worsened, so he simply stayed in Beijing Qiuxia, this also gave Milton the first to have the first possible. If no accident, he will be in today's game, and one high in Gao Leilei and David appear in front of. Although Konese is injured, but Milton's timely top to the security attack little loss. Plus is away in the face of strong Dalian Shide Team Guoan, so the game theme is still the defensive counter attack. "This away in Dalian Shide, I asked the players to flat mentality, fight like the first few away, smooth play." Lakers coach Shen Xiangfu said.
BTV6 in today 19 when direct seeding Beijing Guoan and Dalian Shide team.
Link the opponent
The underdog Shide take it out on the national security
HKEJ Dalian special news (special correspondent Sun Wei) the Team Guoan lost Konese, Shide team may also be another not yankovic game. But even so, Shide Team Guoan home court or to take confidence.
Piang Vecchi "instructed" to Japan to join the Bulgarian national team, to participate in the May 9th 11 day held in Japan kylin cup. Although yankovic Shide provisions must be in at noon today to return, but rushing in between Japan and Beijing Guoan yankovic likely absence of the contest, Shide have to prepare for it make provision against a rainy day. Yesterday afternoon, Shide time routine training, warm-up game, combat training, running and shooting practice, everything is everything in good order and well arranged in. 2 than 4 lose to the Xi'an international team, players were not because of loss and get disheartened, not imaginary fades the Da brain, but more active than ever. "From a certain perspective, inspired the players morale losing." One of the women said. To shame, failure aroused team morale, hand to catch up with Shandong, on the other hand, we also need to prove their victory, and national security has become the object of Shide confidence.
