I missed my world cup song
Because of knee surgery a truce of 45 days Vieri missed the world cup in Germany Vieri said -
Report from our correspondent (reporter Guo Lijun) a few hours after the Italy Football Association President Carraro announced his resignation, Italy football came an unsettling news. According to the "four TV" reported that, because of a knee injury, Vieri missed 30 days after the German World Cup, the world cup on away from already a long time of Italians is undoubtedly a fatal blow.
According to the "four TV" reported, Vieri seriously injured meniscus during the season just ended in the French league, although in the first time to accept operation after injury, but is in a League of the Monaco team did not give Vierita do time to rest, so new diagnostic team Monaco medicine gives results show, Vieri must receive two operation within the week, if off, Vieri's condition will be worse. It is reported, at present already back in Italy, Vieri has a good hospital, the weekend he will be in Turin Medisal hospital operation, if the operation is a success, Vieri will be sidelined for at least 45 days, which means that Vieri will miss 30 days after the world cup in germany.
Vieri has participated in 1998 and 2002 two session of the world cup, for a total of Italy team scored 9 goals. But in view of the fact that Vieri is already 33 years old, is widely considered the Germany world cup will be the Vieri in the world cup curtain call. In fact, since the transfer from AC Milan to Monaco, Vieri is hoping to keep a good state, appear in the world cup in germany. But in the last season the Italy national team coach Lippi once many times to go to France to see Vieri play. Show that the Italy team from the news, in fact Lippi has brought Vieri into the team's 23 man squad. For such an accident, Vieri in an interview with the Italy TGCOM news said: "it is me the most about things in the world cup in Germany has been, as this may be my last world cup. A strategy to move to French club I also keep the state. But most of the time and that's the way it is, not as one wish. Can not and his teammates campaign will be my lifelong regret in the world cup."
Vieri's absence is provides boarded the bus at the end of the opportunity to travel to Germany for several other edge forward. According to Italy media reports, the most likely to fill the vacancy of Vieri will be Inzaghi and Lucarelli. Inzaghi of the season in the AC in Milan, although there has been no fight to the main force position, but the decisive key matches in goal let Inzaghi have no light component in Lippi's mind. In addition, Lucarelli has also become an important candidate Vieri replacement, Lucarelli's 19 goal of the season, 12 of which was completed in the mobile warfare, coupled with excellent height and almost perfect body makes the tall appeared in the German game more and more.
