The Chinese women's basketball team at the FIBA League next week for the first time attrition
Women's basketball training to strengthen the fight against
Reporter Long Peipei reported yesterday morning, the Chinese women's basketball team was an open training, after 1 months of strength training, women's basketball players confrontation significantly enhanced than before. 17, women's basketball team will travel to Shaoxing to attend the world women's Basketball League FIBA.
Women's basketball girl goes "bang".
In the past two hours yesterday morning's training, Maher will be the players into a group of three people, mainly to practice defensive attack and steals. Players often hit together, physical contact than ever before seen in public training to increase many, many journalists are the "hard" to describe the word's performance of the girls. Some in others it seems greatly, may foul action, Maher has generously shouted "wonderful" (beautiful).
Maher said that after a period of fighting after the training, the team members physically bold a lot, "we are in physical contact and confrontation has really improved a lot. We play in the rebound scramble for last year will be less 20, a mobile phone will have 25 fewer than the European and American teams, if always like this, we didn't win. Against the ability of basketball is so important. "
Shaoxing warm-up first hired "little giant"
Following the mid April Australia 4 strong invited after the match, the Chinese women's basketball team will be held in Shaoxing to participate in the FIBA World Women's Basketball League in 17 days this month, it will be the second international friendlies during the Chinese women's basketball team for the world championships. The Chinese women's basketball team will use has been frozen "small giant" Wei Wei.
Yesterday's training, Wei Wei was in a group with Chen Nan to confront practice. Although the figure is so thin, but after Maher special training set-up, confront her strength was obviously improved, the body becomes more and more strong. The reporter asked the women's basketball team leader Bai Xilin trip to Shaoxing will take Wei Wei, Bai Xilin very definite answer: "will, of course to take, but also sent her to play, has to the use of her time."
Women's basketball squad two jobs
It is understood that the eight one team Shao Tingting and team Liaoning's Chen Miao has to leave the national team at the weekend. Maher this explanation, the removal of Sui Feifei and Yerry, the team has 16 players, but can't always keep this number, "I always is 16 people playing the game will have too much off the bench, this will affect other people playing time and opportunity." But the two players Maher or expressed affirmation, "they are very good, this is a difficult decision to make, but always have to make a choice. The coach group discusses some of the players, the final decision is two of them."
Although there is uncertainty is being treated with Sui Feifei and Yerry when to return from injury, but in the spirit of giving two of them retained position principle, the current national team to the existing 14 people will also continue to attrition adjustment.