    The emperor "Jinkou" scare Wizards
    James is absolutely omnipotent, can break through, can shoot, dribble, pass, can...... Win the game by mouth. The Cavaliers 114 113 victory over the wizards with a total score of 4 to 2 to qualify for the Eastern Conference semifinals match, James will play a return to his tongue, only a word or two to say Arenas penalty lost the game. Just in the League three years of James, has begun to Byrd, Miller and other outstanding "beatbox" old timers as.
    The scene of a mouth defeated hands
    Arenas has a pair of pitchers hands, hands that can let him hit three line three ball two metres away, can let he scored 36 points in the Cavs and wars on. But Arenas did not think of, when the two can take the hit rate of free throw in control of more than 80% hand encounter James wide and thick lips, even shaking a single goal penalty into.
    Is the hand of Arenas ruined the wizards, or spit out from James the lips of a word or two accomplished knight?
    Everything should start from the last two seconds. At that time, Arenas did not choose to get the ball at the three point two meters jump shot. After the ball shot, Arenas eyes have been staring at a ball in the air flight path, when the moment the ball into the basket, Arenas almost and the audience gasps of synchronous lift up their hands. This is he of the hands thanks, is that they allow the Wizards appeared a life of hope. Perhaps, at that time, Arenas had begun to think that the goddess of victory on this day was on their side.
    But all is not well, Arenas's last shot as if drained of his magic. In overtime, the Cavaliers defensive let him without a point. Until 15 seconds left in the game, Hughes's foul on Arenas, the latter was two free throw opportunities easily score. And then, the team one point ahead.
    This season, the hit rate as high as 82% of the Arenas went to the free throw line, after the habit of the ball around the body for three weeks, his first penalty and no penalty. The handle has not recovered, Arenas took a deep breath.
    At this time, James went to Arenas's side, patted each other's chest, low head gently said: "even if you also missed second free throws, you know who will come to the end of the game." Before the contest between third field and fifth field, the Cavs were one point advantage to win, and are made by James at the last minute shot hit the winning goal in the storm.
    Arenas's face became very dignified, and his free throws to prepare action has changed. He made second free throws before, not around the ball at the waist, but directly free throws. This is the usual Arenas would never do. Arenas impatient, heart chaos! Results second free throws, partial than the first penalty is wide of the mark. The Cavaliers to an opportunity.
    Tactical emperor soldier to start the speaker
    James really fulfilled in Arenas's "promise", in the next attack was the winner of the Wizards? No. Complete the winner is Arenas imagined Damon Jones. It should be said, James's words is a purely psychological tactics.
    In Arenas missed two ball, the Cavaliers then called a timeout. Coach Brown has arranged the last tactical him this game: James main, Hughes get away, if Hughes did not have an opportunity, the ball to Jones investment.
    The game starts again, James receives a ball, Arenas and Daniels immediately with three junction, the James double, wizards clearly didn't want to repeat the experience of the last few games mistakes, so immediately to take the double teams. Already know how to deal with the "little emperor" the ball to Hughes, and in one side of playing Jones Butler immediately gave up defense on Jones, mark Hughes. While Jones bottom line in the no defense, Hughes immediately pass, Jones shot hit.
    "Obviously, the goddess of victory tonight is not on our side. Can you imagine? A free throw percentage in the 80% pitcher, at the last moment unexpectedly two free throws. I can only say, that is too bad. " The game was over, Arenas was still thinking about what had just happened.
    "The postman messenger history Sunday"
    James was not the first to use psychological tactics to help the team win people. This is one of the most classic than the original bulls famous star Pippin said to Malone that "the postman Sunday messenger", it is James Arenas's version of.
    The 1996-97 season the bulls and jazz finals for the sixth game, it was a Sunday. The two teams killed to be inextricably involved, the final 35 seconds before the game 82 than 82 ping. Malone won the penalty in the last minute, but Pippin stands to the side of the nickname "the mailman" Malone said: "Sunday not messenger postman." A word to let Malone "terror", the results of the final 9.2 seconds before even two key free throws and hit the basket.
    And then the "trapeze" Jordan in the next round attack, a crossover, sudden stop and back step, a steady jumper as the final whistle fly into the basket, the Bulls team 84 than 82 two-point victory. The ball is also nearly 20 years only in the NBA finals really a buzzer beater ball.
    "Ventriloquist" each have unique skills
    Using speech interference opponent mentality, from the spirit of defeating the opponent is very common in the field of NBA, including Byrd, Jordan, Miller, a group of superstar will use this recruit strike your opponent's self-confidence. However, each star using "beatbox" characteristics are different.
    The prophet Bird type
    Bird likes to "predict" on an event, then his "forecast" the results tell the opponent, then use their strength will be his "prophecy" implementation.
    "I want to go on three send you home." -- Bird in a game last attack onwards a floor three from beyond the arc on the opponents say, when has the attack power of the Celtics and the opponent split. Results out after open, Byrd was really there to catch a ball thrown into presses the sentry post three points, win the next game.
    "You decide who to take second name?" -- the 1986 all star three point contest before, Bird asked all participants into the lounge. Bird won the three division championship.
    Jordan show type
    Jordan like showing off his superhuman strength to all people, therefore, the use of "beatbox" also became a tool to show off his opponent. In his use of it, is completely a pair of mortal God sermons appearance.
    "You throw, I let you cast... Throwing!" -- most often Jordan said in the defense case, typically the opponent will miss.
    "Come on, you could hold me." Jordan -- in the offensive after the words.
    Yao Ming
    Hard type
    Don't think that mother tongue is Chinese Yao Ming won't use "ventriloquist". In the NBA in the three season Yao Ming into the NBA is a full range of, although not in ventriloquism than before the number of masters, but also has the superior of the.
    "I'm going to make you swallow the mouthguard." -- in February 10, 2005, the rocket 105 than 92 beat the bulls, Yao Ming to the Bulls center Chandler said. When saying this word, Yao Ming in the opponent head even 6 hours. Is the service, his 10 throw in 9 scored 21 points.
    "The ventriloquist showdown" Miller too tender
    The use of "beatbox" attack opponents, not one hundred percent success. In NBA history, often use "beatbox" Reggie Miller met the use of "beatbox" counterproductive things, because the object of his attack is super psychological quality and better at "beatbox" Bird.
    In Miller's rookie season, the young Miller in the Pacers' home court first met Bird. The Pacers team two points behind, Bird won the penalty. Miller immediately sent Byrd "Hey! Hey!" Interference sound. "You did not make fun of, rookie?" Bird said to Miller, and then calmly sent into a ball. When Bird gets the ball again, he said: "rookie, I tell you, I was the top pitcher in the league now, all NBA! Do you know? What do you have to say for yourself. Then, Byrd scored a goal. "I was really stupid at the bottom of the hell to." Miller in his memoirs mentioned in the story, he had said the performance evaluation.
    