The Sohu sports news -- this Thursday at 2:45 am, 2005/06 UEFA Cup final will be played in Eindhoven Philips stadium. The season experience bumpy and breathtaking Middlesbrough will soon in the outgoing coach Mcclaren last lead and the Spanish giants Seville for final showdown
The same with the Champions League from England and Spain, the two of Europe's top league club represents the final realignment. After suffering came to two clubs in the final weekend of the League invariably rested most major. The 2-0 win over Malaga in Seville team leading followed by CELTA 1 points in a game less case, position be nothing difficult keep the league standings fifth; and the recent frequent Middlesbrough events in echelon has been set in the case of the last round of the English Premier League in 0-1 not enemy rich Lem, ranking fourteenth.
This came to PSV Eindhoven, Seville people think back to the distant past, just shortly after the end of World War II in 1948, they have raised the year's UEFA cup. This is the whole Andalusia proud history. Coach Ramos said Wednesday night has a general significance for the people of Andalusia, "it will be come true moment". Kanoute is considered the key club once again stand on the top of Europe, the 28 year old, height 1 meters 92 Malian striker is currently in Seville the main force lineup only injured players, but the weekend's game with Malaga proved, this also holds a French passport star is expected to start in Wednesday's final. Kanoute also spurs a year ago very understanding of the final opponent: "Boro (Boro referred to as) characteristics is very obvious, the England team is very impact. The finals is hard ". But coach Ramos does not agree with his team's view: "the technology we definitely have the advantage, but the English are very strong -- like Schalke 04, the results we finally through extra time came at last, in fact this is our best preparations". In the semi final, after the first round away game success draw opponent, back to the home court of Seville with the ball pretty Puerta overtime 100th minutes into a favourite to win, to Schalke 04 in the final against the door. The Andalusia people have strong soldiers and sturdy horses for the title was unable to hold oneself back, Saviola said: "at Middlesbrough recently frequent event is bound to affect the physical, we prepared more fully. Any chance in the final transient, I am full of confidence to grasp the opportunity. Champion will not slip from our hands! "
The past 12 days to complete the 5 game with Middlesbrough performance is not very stable, but can still be played at old trafford. Although in the just concluded in the league season performance is not ideal, but Middlesbrough man but let many giants had suffered. Most coach Mcclaren gratified is undoubtedly the team in the League Cup "excellent performance". Successive rounds of knockout staged unbelievable reversal to be overweeningly ambitious, FC Basel and Bucharest stars too late to regret, but also make their own fans crazy. Even the once proud Romans also had to see their winning streak end by the english. "We will earnestly team approach this game, I longed for can with a brilliant way to end at Middlesbrough coaching. It was a perfect ending for me, the future of the club will also lay a solid foundation for the development of." For the world cup after taking over the national team of England Mcclaren, this is the last time he sat on the bench of the middlesbrough. The 45 year old Ferguson, following years of Mcclaren in the 1999 UEFA Cup with Manchester United having tasted the taste of. But for Middlesbrough, it is the first time in European competition has come so far. In order to eventually create a miracle, Boro would give up the last league game, at Fulham, Mcclaren sent is the average age of only 20 years old youth army. But in the final, Mcclaren needs the Southgate such veteran anchor for defence, zygomatic injured the main goalkeeper Schwarzer whether with "Batman" emerged in Eindhoven remains to be the UEFA approved, but the villagers vedolca will replace the injured Hasselbaink, becoming the only team arrow. Miss Holland striker for the season has already invested 80000000 euro club boss Gibson is undoubtedly a blow. Even so, determined to use the club Middlesbrough on the first European title to "welcome" Mcclaren.
Law enforcement referee is the rich experience of Fandel, the 42 year old German just a week ago law enforcement the German Cup final. FIFA on law enforcement World Cup referee nationality cannot be repeated rigid regulations make Fandel regret not reflected in the doorway. But be appointed for this game is the trust of its uefa. And keep the different smile compatriots Merck, Fandel is known for tough and resolute.
The two sides are expected to the starting lineup:
Seville: Palo Pu - Alves, Navarro - Martti - David, Escude, Navas, Maresca, Adriano Kanoute, Saviola
Middlesbrough: Jones Barr than, Riegert, Southgate, Quaid G - ray parlour, cattermole, boa rattan, Luo deep buck, Downing - Viduka
(Wu Hao)
