After half a year, Liu Xiang finally stood again in the 110 meters hurdles race starting line. No injuries, not surrounded by the media, relaxed Liu Xiang also logical to achieve three consecutive championships in Osaka felix. This is a complete surprise victory, missed the Grand Prix level with Dooku and Johnson 's, doomed to its gold content is not high. However, through the "trapeze" after the injury of the victory, we can see that Liu Xiang is the kind of never giving up, challenge ego, not shrink back because of the objective conditions of obstacles, who embodies the courage to express themselves, dare to challenge the limits of the spirit and the life attitude of the spirit.
The Liu Xiang said in Osaka, his most recent major goal is the world held in Osaka next year the eleventh Championships, but also to win the gold medal. The world championships will be in August 25th next year, to be held in Osaka in September 3rd. It will be held in 1991 third IAAF World Championships in Tokyo, the track and field event second times in asia. Osaka called Liu Xiang in the past, he is not only the Osaka Grand Prix "three consecutive" winner, and in the last two world championships have been won the 110 meter hurdles bronze and silver medals. During the visit to Osaka before, Liu Xiang formal training hurdles is less than ten days. Coach Sun Haiping to his disciples set ran into 13 seconds 30 target, should not too low. I really did not expect Liu Xiang to finish the plan of excess, 13 second 22 result has tied Trammell record of 13 seconds 22 this year's world best, make their new season about standing on a high starting point of the.
After stop training more than two months, Liu Xiang can the first entry is uncommonly good, hand proved Sun Haiping some time ago he arranged for a series of targeted training is very appropriate, effective; on the other hand, described as a champion of the Olympic Games and the World Championships last year silver medalist, Liu Xiang's individual ability has indeed "high". Therefore, with the help of the World Championships next year in the "lucky" round and a gold medal dream of their own, should be a golden opportunity. This reporter recently by Shanghai counterparts, interviewed just returned from Osaka to Shanghai's Liu Xiang.
Reporter: so how do you prepare for your 2008?
Liu Xiang: as the runners, the most important, the most basic is the training. As for the 2008, is a very important moment for Chinese speaking, means in their own countries land up to win the honor, won the national honor moment. So, I'll take my best competitive state to welcome the 2008 game.
Reporter: in your career, there is no thought of giving up? Where does the motivation?
Liu Xiang: of course, I want to give up, after all the training injuries, psychological withdrawal makes me want to give up. But since has been an occupation athlete, I think I must continue, this is a kind of sports spirit. Power! As I also mentioned, is to fight for honor, for the national honor. After all, 2008 are in their own country, under the global attention, such an honor for me, for my coach, in our country is very important.
Reporter: beside you, your family and friends is how to support and encourage you?
Liu Xiang: although they are not athletes, but they have been silently supporting me on my sports career. For my sports career, they play a decisive role. Their love of sports is not less than my own, I have been told to serious training. This is their support.
Reporter: what is the spirit of sports on the sports field which can inspire your potential?
Liu Xiang: hold on to the end, never give up. Dare to challenge, beyond their own. Recently seen a lot of reports, Nike began to organize and initiate a kind of call "JustDoIt" activities in many places, I think this explains a lot. "Just DoIt" spirit is a kind of life attitude, has been integrated into a lot of young people's lives, so "JustDoIt" spirit is the power source of their. I believe they like me, on what you like to do persist, never give up. Hope that their "JDI" spirit can let more people be touched and sentiment.
Reporter: can you use a spirit of faith, encourages all look forward to realize the dream of youth?
Liu Xiang: or 16 words: to persist in the end, never give up, dare to challenge, beyond their own! This is not only the spirit of sports of our athletes, is an attitude towards life. Now for me, I hope every game to go beyond their own, only to adhere to in the end, I believe that my dream will come true. I wish all expect to realize the dream of the young people are able to persist, never give up, finally have got one's wish!
Three international Liu Xiang competition this year back, once in May 28th held in American Eugene International Grand Prix, another will be held in Lausanne in July 12th, the IAAF super grand prix, finally in September in Athens at the Tenth World Cup in athletics, and then it is also Liu Xiang won the Athens Olympic Games gold medal the two anniversary. We sincerely wish after injuries 80 days of Liu Xiang, in the first step this wonderful, then can continue to create brilliant in Athens and next year's World Championships in Osaka! Of course, as Liu Xiang himself said, hope he put the best state until 2008, at the Beijing Olympic Games and then treasures exhibition! Reporter Yang Shu
