&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; to the game tomorrow night and prepare for Shanghai united, Shenzhen team in the May 8th 21 PM arrived in Shanghai, and the battle of Shenzhen Jinwei coach Wang Baoshan did not only take 18 people to, but with 20 members went to Shanghai.
This game Shenzhen Jinwei and Shanghai united, was just a normal game, but for Li Yi and di Ya brother, Wang Baoshan and Carlos, I'm afraid there is a special significance. When dike Asia brother came to United's early on his former Shenzhen team striker Comrade Li Yi joked, di Ya brother even somewhat provocative said: "in my opinion, Li Yi's speed is very good, but Henry technology is better than him, ha ha." In addition, he stole his thunder still to heart "to Li Yi in 2003".
Now, Li Yi and di Ya brother already work for each master, an encounter such, two people hope that through the goal, to prove that he is the best, while Li Yi is hoping to borrow his beat Shanghai team good luck, break his goal drought. The afternoon into the stadium, Li Yi first put on his white boots, it is said that this pair of shoes with a good name -- star team. Li Yi when to wear this pair of shoes, also repeatedly repeat this sentence: "the shoes, tomorrow is not the next city."
I am afraid that in addition to hope to borrow this pair of new shoes brings the goal of good luck, Li Yi also in prayer and this pair of shoes like the name, became the team real Shenzhen team star.
Through the last round victory over the remains of Qingdao energy, Shenzhen coach still hope in Shanghai beat a team that had been known as the dark horse of the team, and he also is the hope that through such a contest to prove local coach's influence also is inferior to foreign coach once magic.
Afternoon Shenzhen Jinwei adaptation training venues for 1 hours, 5 minutes before the team run laps in the middle, Jinwei coach Wang Baoshan has and Xie Feng stand in the stadium. When the king of Baoshan United boss just had to know the school crisis, the club only to the old card, the 2 round of the time to prove himself, and now the old card also needed a victory to pass the crisis of confidence, as if thinking of sth. He expression seems to be thinking about how to use such a team of chaotic times, beat them. The reporter tempted to ask Wang Dao "will send 3 to the Carlos, to help him through," Wang Dao smiled and said: "I can't when living Lei Feng, I how to also must hurry to send him back!"
This season, led the Wang Baoshan led Shenzhen Jinwei and Carlos's Shanghai united, are the same in the League had some trouble, although the problem is not the same, but the results seem to be all the same, the coach led the result is not ideal, the result is just after class, so that after the game, who walk in the fate of the class? Tomorrow's competition, the result must be very clear. (Zhang Ying)