The Sohu sports news China FA 18 Olympic team at the Toulon cup list released yesterday, Shenyang Jinde midfielder Liu Jianye is in awesomely row. Faced with this situation, the Jinde yesterday in a letter to the Football Association, "the team super poor record" on the grounds, refused to release Liu Jianye. The football association to assert their authority, nor want.
A senior club Jinde told it was very difficult to understand, "we to the Football Association indicated that the two players are absolute force in the team, I hope the football association to consider the Jinde difficulties, the Jinde club can only let Chen Tao a player, but also adjust the schedule. Results the Football Association agreed to requisition Chen Tao one, at the same time the Jinde in May 13 and May 24th two league postponed." Proposed in the Chinese Football Association "to all 08 main" under the slogan, U19 national team is likely to replace the original "08 star" team, for the Beijing Olympic games. It should be said as Jinde first-team Liu Jianye selected U19 national team, has been the glory of Shenyang. But it is understood, when the Football Association announced the beginning of the list, some club because of the recruitment own players, have to play the main force in the league, difficult to get away, then proposed refused to release people's attitude to the football association.
Jinde reasons is: Liu Jianye as the absolute main force, in the team if leave, not only will miss the rest of the season with four round league tournament, and League game will directly affect the relegation this year. Liu Jianye such as main as long absence, the undermanned team Jinde, really very sad.
But the football association is the response is: do not put, rob also have to grab! When Chinese Football Association vice chairman of the full-time Yang Yimin learned that gold Germany's attitude, is very angry: "to generate the training in the league and the time differences, the football association has shown great tolerance, he Jin everywhere with the Football Association on, what were you thinking? "In addition, Yang Yimin also said: in the 08 strategic considerations, once the level about national team players, the club must put people in principle, it is duty, otherwise, the football association can only take tough measures! As reporters yesterday when distributing news dispatches, the Jinde club still and China FA Liu Jianye to conduct a communication, both sides did not concede.
News analysis -- Jinde Football Association feud hard
Who does Liu Jianye? Why can let the football association and Kim went to fire incompatible situation?
Liu Jianye, born in 1987, height 1.75 meters, is a versatile midfielder, who Shiguo less team players. Last year, in the "08 star" of the Xianghe auditions, was still three gold team of Liu Jianye, with its outstanding consciousness and good overall situation conquered krautzun, and his feet hit the free kick is to make Klauk be profuse in praise. Liu Jianye went on the road to Bart Kissin Gen. "08 star" after the dissolution, Liu Jianye was quickly put on a team jinde. Seeing the Jinde this year superior record of shame, Liu Jianye suddenly and sit on the main force position. The Football Association of recombinant U19 national team Jinde thinks, Liu Jianye "hoarding", not to put a person also makes sense. But they do not need to only a few field experience with the Football Association Super League Young face. There is also a section of reason: the football association and the Jinde feud deep.
In 2001 May, Han Long, Jin Lei, Ma Ou, Prince 4 Shenyang Jinde football team two in the street brawls noisily drink four homicide, criminal detention. After January, the Shenyang City Intermediate People's court ruling prince, sentenced to 12 years imprisonment, 3 others to 10 years imprisonment, after three people by the higher people's Court of appeal, the sentence reduction. After the incident, China Football Association to grant "Jinde murder" four players "banned for life" decision. But in 2003, Jin Lei for doing well in advance in prison prison, back to jin.
The fifteenth round of the 2004 super Kangshifu, Tianjin and Shenyang Jinde's competition, Kim young Zhang in doping control urine sample was found positive, since then, Chinese Football Association held hearings in Shenyang, Zhang can I admit of accidental drug. In order to protect their own "seedling", a mitigated punishment, Jinde hand pressed Football Association, eventually making Zhang can be achieved for leniency FA: suspended for half a year, a fine of 5000 yuan.
Early last year, because the club take a pay cut, Kim Chen Tao, Zhang Lie, Zhang Ke, Yang Fusheng, Yin Liangyi 5 players for refusing to sign a new 5 year contract with the club and low wages, is nearly "ban". Fortunately, Calcio, prove several young is China Football Association of registered players, as long as the work contract signed with the club, they participate in the league is no problem. But in the end, only Chen Tao, Yang Fusheng, Yin Liangyi three people and the club reached a settlement.
The year before last, FIFA has received team Jinde former foreign aid excellent, its coach Toni and former assistant coach Carlos proceedings, sued the Jinde club default. In May this year, FIFA from $100000 a paper ticket. Kim has shown a "money does not give" face, so both sides are very embarrassed. In desperation, the football association have to first China Jinde club paid a $100000 fine. The football association have this "four meetings" with Kim, is not "intimate", in this way, we can see, the football association or tolerance compared to Jinde, it is as far as possible for the club to absolve. "Not sensible" Jinde this and make out a "and the Football Association for Liu Jianye", let Yang Yimin fly into a rage. (BU cool tower)