Xinhuanet.com Xinjiang in Kashi on 9 May, (reporter Wang Dalin, Zhang Hongchi, Liu Bing) today, two in the territory of Xinjiang automobile motocross were ended. In contrast to the Dakar rally international famous, a lot of autocross fancier could not help but ask: we in the end how much class to fill?
(subtitle) the initial stage safety first
From motor sport China Federation observer Chen Xuezhong analysis said, automobile cross-country events in China is still in its infancy, but some suitable for the contest area has been from the host competition tasted the sweetness, have tree event flag, but in the initial stage of a security Que Shidi.
He said: "the five one held in Xinjiang during the edge of Taklimakan Desert two motorcycle motocross or appear a lot of problems, especially the two Shanghai nationality player missing in Lop Nor, after a while back safe and sound, but a great impact on the entire game, a lot of friends in the online comments, don't think we have to hold such a large-scale event ability."
Chen Xuezhong think, according to the international successful experience, in the initial stage, the organizers not only to attract the eye of the audience and participants, some deliberately design is a big challenge to the dangerous stage. In the strict sense of competition, automobile and motorcycle motocross not adventure, it must ensure public safety, driver safety and vehicle safety, to choose to have with game, for highway zone otherwise, logistical support and medical services will inevitably accidents. Once the game is adverse, may result in the slow development of this sport in our country.
(subtitle) perfect rules and regulations
Have participated in the Paris Dakar rally "Chinese car king" Lu Ningjun said, although the ring of the Taklimakan Desert off-road race has become one of the most important events, but the lack of such as Paris - Dakar rally the same rules and regulations, depending on the horn shout and executive orders, it is difficult to run high specification events.
Lu Ningjun said, Xinjiang has a good motorcycle motocross environment, but the technology and management level is difficult to matching. A big match, you must use the management rules and regulations, not only on a few leaders to manage the game. Especially as the normal competition, to each stage are the police, which in Paris - Dakar rally is not to see.
Chen Xuezhong also think, from our current status of auto cross-country analysis, not only to consider the Chinese conditions, but never at the expense of cross-country future and to lower the threshold, the rules and regulations need to be perfect, but can't be anxious for success, to secure the gradual implementation of. Can consider to implement the high, medium, low grade three race, from the qualification on the part of low level limit racer, so they take a low level of competition, and then enters the competition, meet certain qualification to participate in the high level of competition, thus ensuring the high quality level of the event, and grope suitable for China Automobile &amp; motorcycle game development rules and regulations.
(subtitle) to avoid disorderly competition
In the face of five one during the last two games, Lu Ningjun says to the reporter, similar events also granted to the two contractors, not only it caused chaos, also make the event quality problems. This year two vying for this game, that it is a market and charm in our country, but its long-term health development, this kind of situation to come too early. So, no matter from the financial and human resources, will cause the dispersion and waste, as the concentrated force a to do, this effect would be larger. Many racers said, if the next year or so, they will refuse to participate in the competition.
Many media and sponsored enterprises reflect, they all received two similar invitations before the game, I do not know the sponsorship or report a match. In resolution unclear circumstances, many enterprises choose to avoid, the two are not sponsored measures taken. Is the media, also similarly has reported the phenomenon of chaos, is not conducive to the overall publicity events, is not conducive to the audience to understand the content of events.
Almost all the players want to Xinjiang central tower auto Sporting Club Hotel limited company to undertake the "2006 Chinese Xinjiang Automobile motorcycle Motocross Challenge" and Xinjiang Zhongkun Auto Club hosted the "2006 Zhongkun ring tower auto cross-country" can Become, two companies can strengthen cooperation, play to their respective advantages, common to the healthy and orderly to carry on using a good game, endemic to Xinjiang, build Chinese the true meaning of the "Dakar" rally.