    There are rivers and lakes where, there is resentment. A line of sight for a long time away from the Liaozu characters -- Ma Lin, suddenly and three rounds extremely distant pulls the relations. "Laid off Ma Lin to replace the poor record of Tang Yaodong?" One thing that might be what the parties make groundless accusations, lead to completely different reaction: Marin laugh out of court, Tang Yaodong in a thundering rage. Liaoning captain Zhao Junzhe said: "the Liaoning team now encounter many difficulties, I hope the outside world hype don't give Liaozu the chaos."
    Ma Lin smiled and said: I am the laid-off can pose a threat to anyone else?
    Yesterday afternoon, Ma Lingang to complete the transaction in a resigned from the subsequent Jiangsu sainty club coach post, from Nanjing to fly back to Dalian, by several friends pulled welcoming, positive tuibeihuanzhan occasion, a Liaozu coach news but let him can't help laughing.
    Yesterday, a report says, Liaoning team recent poor record, approaching the relegation zone, if the Liaoning team continues to be, the club will consider Huanshuai, and Liaozu old handsome Ma Lin, from Jiangsu just laid off, and Zhang Shuguang and the Liaoning team support, most likely to succeed Tang Yaodong. At the beginning of this year's competition Liaozu coach, Ma Lin is just Tang Yaodong's rivals.
    "I just came back from Nanjing, just off the plane, if you don't say, I also don't know this." Ma Lin seems to have no thing a light, also revel in and break up the Shuntian "sweet", "Sainty Group Chairman, the club manager in my work are affirmed, by a few months to get along, we get to know each other, each other trust support, when I left the club, old total specially sent to the airport, we also wipe the tears."
    He who is not in charge of governing does not interfere in its business. Ma Lin said his affection for the Liaoning team is always can't let go, but in the band sainty period, he only care about their own team and the opponents, know nothing at all of the Liaoning team, after all, is the two level league, and now he has just come off sentry duty, just want to rest for a few days. As for the future, he does not say.
    Tang Yaodong roared: who can take the Liaoning team who will find you go!
    Reporters yesterday connection Tang Yaodong, originally wanted to ask him to introduce today's home court against the Xi'an International preparing for the Liaoning team, the international round victory over Shide, morale, to obtain two winning streaks in Liaoning home court. But Tang Yaodong did not say very angrily: "this how can say, this is a secret. I say, he can't make the game tomorrow. "
    A reporter asked Tang guidance on whether to feel the pressure then, media says the club are brewing Huanshuai, when heard the name Ma Lin, Tang Yao Dong Dun when anger: "who can take the Liaoning team who will you go to look for, you find me why." The reporter asked the heart flat gas and some, before reporters say that finish, Tang Yao Dongji its serious to jump every word word way: "I -- hanging -- Electrical -- -- the words."
    The distant full club chairman Chen Jiasong is in Beijing to discuss business matters, when asked to move on a question, Chen Jiasong said that so far has not considered, and Zhang Shuguang phone has no one to answer.
    Captain Zhao Junzhe: the external sound cause Liaozu not unite more terrible
    Small Zhao in talking about today on the international game, said to strive to 3 points, although international win Shide, but after all, is in the team will go to all lengths Liaozu home court, Liaoning. In talking Huanshuai rumors, small Zhao disgust: "the Liaoning team loses the game is not terrible, the external sound causes disunity within the Liaoning team is more terrible."
    Xiao Zhao said: "in the most difficult time of the Liaoning team, we are all trying to play every game, hope the outside world hype don't give the Liaoning team the chaos. Tang guide is not easy, the team was short of hands, plus the injuries, a round away game lost to Tianjin, there is strength. To lose is everyone's responsibility, can let a person back. Of course, as a coach, the responsibility will be bigger, the pressure too high. Now we are all very supportive of Tang guide, is what we need most now unity, to tide over the crisis."
    Xiao Zhao said at last: "who is not easy, we understand each other!"
    Reporter Huang Jin reports
