The Sohu sports news in the twelfth round will be in tomorrow afternoon in Xiamen City Sports Center started, 3 pm today, the two teams respectively in came to the city of Xiamen sports center before the adaptation.
The Super League fixtures for nearly half, Xiamen blue lions reluctantly "back" on "the draw master" title, 10 games to 7 games, let the blue lion soldiers feel helpless. Tomorrow against integral than their only more Shenyang team Jinde, blue lion soldiers home court battle and fans will want to tongtongkuaikuai win a game, out of a circle. The two sides of the Super League first contest was arranged at fifteen fifteen tomorrow afternoon kick-off.
Shenyang team Jinde, April 8th in this season, the worst record the team invited British gentleman Horton for five games without a win, the former national team coach can only dim "class". Subsequently, Shenyang team Jinde back once last year to coach of the Dutch Kaufman, abandoned the Hough's play defensive back, Shenyang team Jinde played the Holland team's "patent" play -- total football, three in a row then let Huanshuai approach to get instant results. However, last Saturday 0:2 Changchun Yatai home court was defeated, Kaufman thinks, Shenyang Jinde team to avoid relegation must adjust to the idea, although not total football can give up, but Shen Zu traditional defensive also is a tactical choice vanquish the enemy. A trip to the Xiamen team, the team's goal is to win the flat, so the team may be in the Xiamen team by home court advantage offensive, defensive counter attack tactics to challenge.
Talked about tomorrow's game, Kaufman emphasizes, this is a difficult game, the two sides to the future of the relegation battle, will certainly fight badly. The weather may be relatively hot, this for long life in the northeast of the team players, may affect them on the field of play. He planned to make active team player, in the training of the team on the field practice core Chen Tao kicks in, because both sides to open on the field the deadlock, front kick will likely become a magic weapon for winning "".
Turn the home team debut training, the Xiamen blue lions coach Gao Hongbo on the field in the lead, for adaptability training for about 20 minutes. Gao Hongbo told reporters at the end of the training, because from this week, the Super League will face another one week double match, more members of the old Xiamen blue lion, the two blue lions are let players physical adjustment. For today's match, he wanted to win more than anyone. Shenyang team J. Shenyang team Jinde was widely considered a relegation favourites at the beginning of the season, but from this round of the league, the team is not a true team, the team this year to the top two teams defeated last year Super League Dalian Shide team, Shanghai Shenhua team, the strength can not be overlooked, and the team is a young and vibrant, combat team. Today's match, can beat his opponent, depends not only on his own players face a play, also will be the weather, site, their opponents and other factors into account.
When asked whether he would consider changing the usual 352 lineups, Gao Hongbo said, his usual 352 formation is based on the overall strength and the players team to arrange, a team's tactical system will not easily change. Therefore, he will not consider abandoning the use of 352 formation. However, such as break, he would consider trying to allow the team to use other new formation and play.
In today's training, Xiamen foot Mr. Lu Guangrui had been standing on the sidelines watching. He thinks, blue lions made the current record is the embodiment of team strength level, the team is in the new army, the strength of the team is not the introduction of several major suit players will be able to have the very big change. He also revealed, blue lion third foreign aid may be recently in xiamen. The consultant of Holland Ali Xiao and Chinese beach soccer coach Brazilians Mark today also to watch the blue lions training.
Shenyang Jinde expected starting line-up: Song Zhenyu, Zhang Ke, Wang Jiang, Li Wenbo, fellow, Yang Fusheng, Xu Yang, Chen Tao, Liu Jianye, Yu Guijun, Bangura.
Xiamen blue lion is expected to the starting line-up: An Qi, Yang Chen, Wang Bo, Wang Bin, Zhang Tiangang, Zou Yougen, Lu Xin, Bai Lei, Dang Yunfei, Jeli, Joakim.
(Sohu sports building ant)
