    Beijing and Moscow, the United States three times to see the flag raising experience different Dazhi: Beijing the most memorable "sports world MVP" reporter Zhu Chong reported that "up, people do not want to be slaves......" In May 8th 5 in the morning, Wang Zhizhi with the Chinese men's basketball team together in Tiananmen square for the flag raising ceremony. When the national anthem, Wang Zhizhi staring at the five-star red flag, softly singing the national anthem. It is four years since Wang Zhizhi first in their native land heard the national anthem, seeing the national flag being raised. So, Wang Zhizhi said: "this is a time to see the flag of my most memorable." Let me feel the responsibility referring to flag the flag raising and the feelings, Wang Zhizhi said: "all the people who love the motherland in see the five-star red flag rising will have the same kind of feeling, that is, as a Chinese proud and arrogant. I have attended two flag in Tiananmen square, is the first time when I was in junior high school, although the time in the past ten years, but this feeling is unchanged, but will only continue to deepen." Indeed, this time the flag for Wang Zhizhi is very special, because this is after the "lag beauty not to" events he saw the flag first, this is his first time in four years to return to their homeland to see the flag raising. "For four years the rapid development of the motherland, flag raising time, my mind a lot, the emergence of many scenes. I think of home after my parents took me to the beautiful city of Victoria, the ring road, reminiscent of the majestic building to see, think of the ubiquitous "new Beijing, new Olympic Games," one world, one dream "publicity card." Wang Zhizhi said sternly, "I felt a kind of responsibility, I hope that in 2008 Beijing Olympic Games stand seeing the national flag being raised on the podium again, heard the national anthem." The flag was very excited when it comes to the Beijing Olympic Games in Moscow, Wang Zhizhi naturally think of the July 13, 2001 Moscow, Beijing Olympic site. At that time, Wang Zhizhi's Olympic image ambassador. "As a member of Beijing's Olympic bid delegation, when I saw Samaranch in Moscow announced that time Beijing wins, I really feel be full of excitement." Wang Zhizhi said, "without the flag raising ceremony in the Olympic bid site, not the national anthem, but when it was announced that when we win, we all took out already ready flag. And so on back to the embassy, the national flag is rising and the national anthem and we all feel very excited and proud to see." See Yao Ming will be able to see the flag in addition to the Olympic Games outside, the flag also reminded Wang Zhizhi of his life in america. Four years in the America is the most lonely experience Dazhi, is also the most miss the motherland. "In USA, only to Chinese embassy to see the national flag, the national anthem." Wang Zhizhi said. When Wang Zhizhi was a NBA, he and Yao Ming each encounter in the game are called butt mobile the Great Wall. "I remember, whenever I met Yao Ming or Battelle, there will be lots of Chinese fans to cheer the gym, stand will be able to see the flag, when we feel a sense of national pride in foreign countries." Wang Zhizhi said, "but I and Yao Ming on the court met few opportunities, more is only the presence of hurried talk a few words, so I can understand what Yao Ming said, in the NBA was too little Chinese, I really hope to see more and more Chinese people can appear to prove that we Chinese people in the strength of the world's most high level league. So for Yao Ming to become a champion show for Yao Ming in the NBA's achievements and success, I sincerely happy for him, this is the pride of all Chinese people."
