   This period full prize for Italy and Germany League finale, still retains the three suspense, namely the competition and the Bundesliga serie a championship, to qualify for the Champions League the last echelon war. I believe a lot of rationality in the choice of lottery will not easily to the three games do steady gallbladder to choose. Below, I this period full prize to analysis, for your reference.
    With the five major league to comprehensive end, four league has been produced in advance of their league, this weekend's Juventus and AC Milan will keep the suspense until the end. First analyze home court against the situation: King A meters against team is look at fiercely as a tiger does on the Champions League "red wolf" Rome Road, and Wang Youwen will play was safely ashore their own team Reggina, Juventus three points advantage more. Don't consider the league, A meters could not allow himself two times in one year down in "the dhole" feet, You Wen is more not allow little brother broke their title dreams. Can say, the two teams absolutely not allow ourselves to have any mistakes. "The dhole" miracle to see competition rivals Florence defeat or draw with Chievo, while they must defeat A meters to get to Europe Guanmo bus, of course, this theory may make anyone fantasies. But remember, the game is the third day of "the dhole" away with inter Italy cup after the fight to the death, mental and physical cups or not will directly influence its performance. These data show that, A m will have 95% possible in Shengluoxi stadium to beat Rome (despite the news that Rome Prince Tohti will comeback debut). While Juve will most likely get in the symbolic Reggina attack with a small score had a smooth, the greatest miracle is Juventus to a point advantage won the championship.
    Second suspense is Florence and Rome Champions League battle. This season in Florence invested heavily in finally have the best returns, in the "heavy artillery" led by Toni, the subject field of play is extremely stable, integral is always in the forefront, and to the Champions League is the biggest goal of the team under the turning away game challenge, "the flying donkeys" cut Wo, is its ability to keep the league's fourth key battle. But Florence in the face of the opponent is already entered the League Cup has no pursue Chievo, this battle see Chievo spirits, however, expect the Rome away game deficit A meters of hope after all is not great. So, regardless of winning or losing the opportunity to Florence, its appearance or the largest, with Chievo characteristics, and in view of the away game lost to Chievo, seems not easily let Florence pass, but most likely is each to take a minute, don't hurt each other. But expect Florence away win over Chievo seem unlikely.
    Third suspense is only one point of Wolfsburg and Keyser who can finally stay up. The two branch of the former Bundesliga Deep-Fried Dough Sticks ushered in to decide the fate of the life and death battle in the epicycle finally. This season, "the Wolf fort" home court defense has been in the Bundesliga second place position, the attack is at bottom. The former impertinent problems and finally to strengthen the defense not only in exchange for the attack to the brink of relegation. This season Keyser home court with ease "the Wolf fort", but this time the away game combat, although reached not only Xusheng losing position, but in the face of home court throughout the season only conceded fourteen goals. "The Wolf fort", I am afraid that once again the possibility of winning almost did not exist. The line between life and death, decide the fate of the game, "the Wolf fort" is not the advantage into a disadvantage. If Keyser chooses pack attack, may lose more miserable, I estimate, the most likely outcome is: draw accounted for 60%, "the Wolf fort" - 40%.
    In other matches, to focus on the season last home court for reference, pay attention to a few teams have been off level may play football into the power to please the fans, the Serie A tend to two to three draw, the Bundesliga several teams battle each main consideration in World Cup players fighting. Estimates of this period full prize bonus will have a certain degree of improvement.
    I heart water:
閵
