    In new network on 10 May, today published the Liaoshen Evening News published China player Li Tie sent back from Liverpool's article, elaborated with his old club Everton surrender insider. The full text of the article are as follows:
    I have to correct a conceptual error here today. Domestic media yesterday have used "Everton and Li Tie released" such a title to report Liuyang my current situation, in fact, this view is not correct.
    I work with Everton's expiring contract formally in June 30th this year, Everton are preliminary decided "not to my contract" and "surrender", this is completely two concepts. In fact, I will leave the Everton already is not what secret, otherwise I will not be active and some other ball will conduct active contact. The last two years, I because of injury has not played for Everton, Everton also bought a bunch of avant-garde players in the last year, personnel reserve is very enough, so the manager would feel no need me.
    This is again the normal rules of the game, I understand very well the Everton idea. In fact, I take the initiative to find the Everton decision-making layer, to show to meaning. And I talked together with the club and Duncan Ferguson, because he is too large, will be 36 next year, can't adapt to the Everton fierce competition, this just heart free meaning. And I, it is the hope can change a place to get new development opportunities.
    "No contract Everton" means that I started from July to become the free player, in fact this for me to find a new job is a bargaining chip is very favorable, after all, can not spend a penny can get a value of about 1000000 pounds of players, is a very cost-effective thing for any club. Maybe you don't know, in fact I in January of this year's season in the transfer period, has been on loan to other teams the opportunity, but at the time I was considered at that time I will have a lot of the transfer fee, which is bound to affect my fate. So, I decided to wait until the end of the season, this undoubtedly will help me to find a new club more ideal.
    To explain, Kean and Manchester United that break up form called "surrender". In Kean's contract expires in 6 months when there are no longer retained his position at Manchester United, so Kean took with a united payment of liquidated damages, it shot from. If Everton in my contract does not expire and I "surrender", they have to pay liquidated damages. (Li Tie)
