    This weekend, the Serie A will be the final round of competition. Unlike other league serie a championship, is the latest league. Although the Rossoneri fans still dreams of the most dramatic finale, but Ancelotti to create a miracle, the chance of success is actually very little.
    The Romans also hoping for a miracle
    Milan are currently 3 points behind Juventus, points gap means that people in Milan want to win only if they win, but Juventus lose a possible. Let us have a look of such possibilities have much. The Rossoneri last round opponent is the Rome, despite Rome's ability to have more strong, just from the game, the Romans also will not allow Milan to send one. The reason is very simple, the Romans also need to win to create a miracle.
    In this game, the Milan news is a Italy cup Rome week in the final game, this can let the fighting capacity of the Giallorossi weekend down, can not meet the competition to best state, another is the Milan people took home court, the two should be the location advantage of Milan. But for them, of course, also has bad news, first of all, the last round of League striker Shevchenko injured, the can not play, this is bound to affect the whole team. Secondly, in the first round of the competition, Rome won against the Rossoneri, it makes people in the capital occupied the superiority in the psychology. Therefore, it is not difficult to see from the above analysis, Milan to win the difficulty is not small.
    Juventus is the opponent "sent the king"
    Even Milan to successfully cross the Rome this hurdle, but they still need to see Juventus face. If Juventus will not lose in the final round, all the efforts of the people of Milan are meaningless. In the last round opponent is Reggina, Juventus in Serie A, the latter is the famous "human king", but in the 2002-03 season, it is the critical moment to help Juventus let Reggina to avoid relegation, and obviously cycle this season is a good opportunity for Reggina to repay "kindness".
    If Juve referees storm will make this "alliance" the team have convergence, both real guns and bullets fight, Juve will also not be justified, although Juventus this game is away from home, but the huge strength gap makes the no suspense, Juventus won the champions should be reasonable in the matter. The Rossoneri will have to accept the two consecutive season no embarrassment.
