    So many fans looking forward to the 2006 World Cup starts in namely, but in another battle, each big media, especially portal website business opportunities in the world cup battle earlier in the year he started quietly, and worse.
    Attack by overt and covert means
    FIFA from this year authorized Internet broadcast the world cup video, the "privilege" in this year's China become more precious -- since the 2006 World Cup held in Germany, 7 hours time difference, make the game at Beijing time late at night to 3 in the morning between, most China fans to watch live tv. At this time, to obtain the video player, to a web portal, will undoubtedly mean flow and certain advertisement income.
    In the year 2 by the end of the world cup site opened the conference, had won the world cup outside video exclusive rights Sina CEO Cao Guowei said, is to enjoy the video clips and the only Shanghai media group to discuss cooperation. When a reporter asked to discuss progress how, President Cao Guowei said at the time to take this video right not much of a problem, because in fact of SMG, sina is the most ideal distribution channels.
    But by March 22nd, East is broadband and new group, Shanghai media group under the new broadband sports announced, the two sides will cooperate in the video content and advertising and marketing aspects of the world cup. The new chairman Jiang Fengnian, although not the two sides announced cooperation conference site appearance, but apparently, just for the former co chairman of Jiang Fengnian of sina, and Shanghai media cooperation will be marking the beginning of its set up a separate kitchen.
    Almost at the same time, Sohu through a big conference, trying to show off his old rival Sina strong. Sohu has officially announced and Shanghai Wenguang group under the East is broadband (SMGBB.cn) exclusive contract, cooperation between the two sides to provide related the domestic Internet users
    The world cup video program. But according to Shanghai media vice president Zhang Dazhong introduced, the new broadband sports is "all-round cooperation" and the East is broadband only site, and authorized cooperation East is broadband and Sohu are limited to 4 minutes of "beautiful shot".
    This Cao Guowei and Sina CEO sure can get video cooperation qualification for less than 20 days, SMG has "another woman". And from the relevant channels that message is, "a 4 minute shot", one and a half times the Sina Sohu is the price, but still going to defeat.
    The sponsor of the Olympic Games and the world cup competition for resources, even losing two Sina Sohu, this really let the industry puzzled. Around all the negative reports the missed all of a sudden diffuse online and offline media, Sina apparently injured.
    In early April, TOM online announced with professional sports media, "the domestic Sports Weekly" formed a strategic partnership to jointly launched close, is said to be unprecedented powerful world cup joint report program. Propaganda again pick on "boss" Sina. Although the Sina with several major international news agency formed a strategic partnership, at the same time, sina will be composed of ten people in front of the working group to the German front, get information at first hand; more and Chinese sina sports newspaper agency reached a depth of cooperation consensus, in order to strengthen the linkage with the domestic authority of sports media. In the over-the-counter video, sina is a deep cooperation with CCTV.
    Why I always injured?
    Sina public relations department relevant personage told reporters in an interview, we are really very headache, competitors often the little things are held a news conference, and do an exaggerated publicity. For example, Sohu will score a 4 minute featurette video cooperation is said video exclusive cooperation, will go to Germany for a pre inspection is also devoted to news release. Sina current product line is very long, if all things are open conference, that every day to open. In addition, the second youngest are like said he than old Daqiang, boss also did not have the energy to go apologize.
    Why Sina CEO with certainty to get the world cup video player, and the price is not lower than the competition, also eventually lose the opportunity?
    According to informed sources, in fact Cao Guowei and Wen Guang chairman Li Ruigang is an alumnus of Fudan University, two people had reached a verbal agreement, so Cao Guowei to have ready plans to meet a situation. Analytic personage points out, the game video cooperation ultimately chose new, there are the following reasons: first, emerging as a new founded company, only to rely on the major sports events of the opportunity, the key depends on the video content, to attract users, achieved its breakthrough. So they will pay special attention to this cooperation, can do spare no effort in cooperation. While the world cup report content of sina is very broad, so can not in this to make all-out efforts video cooperation. Secondly, article wide below the East is broadband and Sina itself competitive relationship, they don't want to in the video that sina is too strong, so would prefer a novice, lest the appeasement brings disaster. Third, select new, in news propaganda to highlight the East is broadband, choose Sina, Sina his thunder was completely away. As for the "4 minutes of wonderful shot" and Sohu cooperation, is the same reason.
    As the Internet "boss", whether in small or large business cooperation, such as the Olympic Games sponsorship, will suffer the commercial politics from outside the pure market rules constraint, the boss is a boss of the difficulties, "aloof" may also be used on the level of the business.
    In addition, head of market work's vice president of sina Shen Jianming says to the reporter, the world cup video rights Sohu got only a 4 minute game content clips, but includes tidbits, inside and outside the game player coach, the mixed zone interview video interview, Sina and CCTV have signed, obtained the exclusive resources. In addition, is currently limited by the bandwidth, the fluency of the video itself is a big problem. Basically, Sina in the importance of new technology at the same time, also objective evaluation of a project can bring significant improvement to their flow, customer input, Sina's judgment is to about $10000 per minute price to buy the game 4 minutes of video rights did not bring enough to return to her own ascension, Sina the value of limited help, not so high; Sina's advertising revenue is be way ahead of other competitors, therefore can reasonably choose according to the needs of the market. But the project for other sites may be very critical.
    Seoul, the four corners of the world wind
    Although in an eventful year, but the world cup Sina propaganda interactive activity still in carrying out like a raging fire in.
    In the television cooperation, CCTV "Happy Dictionary" will be on May 19th and Sina cooperation, continuous broadcast 7 World Cup special program "happy", and "network selection in recently officially started". The auditions will select 8 branch of virtual players and cheerleaders international teams, and through the "Happy Dictionary" special program "Happy World Cup" 7 round of exciting game, win in Germany the scene to watch the World Cup final award. Phoenix also discuss and Sina cooperation, world cup blog to carry out special cooperation.
    Sina media coverage of the world cup as a propaganda offensive in a beautiful landscape, Sina after World Cup honey contest launch from March 27th has caused tremendous repercussions, only half a month of time there are tens of thousands of baby pageant in 8 registration division registration.
    In order to better match to promote the Sina World Cup Baby activities, Sina has and Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Shenyang, Chongqing and other places more than well-known planar media in-depth cooperation, which also pioneered the Internet honey contest precedent; the activities of the creative also conform to no conventional pattern, the audition stages corresponding to eight division 8 World Cup team group, 4 in each division was born baby speak respectively for the group's 4 World Cup teams; 32 baby 32 strong final stage produced by auditions simulation world cup schedule for PK, then the sina will be 32 downbeats perturbation wonderful video, by the users decide the outcome of each round of PK, 8 strong battle will United were held in Beijing, May 28th the total champion, champion will be accumulated 30000 yuan bonus, players have a chance to get a series of new model provides a photo opportunity and the organization of activities.
    In the next months, a series of interactive activities Sina prepared will also take the advantage of Internet users to participate in the play to the extreme, let Sina World Cup craze sweeping the various camps.
   