    "Sports world MVP" special correspondent Wu Dong reported that "who is that young Tang as strong ah?" "The about Dazhi height?" When Huang Haibei and Zhang Songtao appeared in the national team training site, the fans There were many discussions. The two unfamiliar faces. And for the two mysterious newcomer, make the national team is a pressing matter of the moment to familiarize themselves as soon as possible. Military training together joke Huang Haibei height 2.05 meters, weight reached 115 kg, came into the team, his strong body becomes the object of national team boss friends make fun of. "Look how strong the ass, ah!" Du Feng are you kidding touched a standing beside him Huang Haibei butt, Huang Haibei smiled shyly. It was the first time in the national team, although the Olympian in the past two years has been far away from CBA, but team boss man and not so "isolation" they. Zhu Fangyu said: "everyone together pretty well, although they are new, but the character is very cheerful, very soon emerged, we often together, make fun of amuse." Zhu Fangyu's words just finished saying, just listen to Du Fengzhao Huang Haibei shouted, "happy, you don't pretend to be injured, so young and strong quickly come to train." Hear the words of Du Feng, the Yellow seashells touch head, and exposed his shy smile. The original queue training, after two days, Huang Haibei old injury has a relapse, when the other team is still a queue training, Huang Haibei sitting on the sidelines of the rest. Because American Aoshen in ABA League, a lot of people think they are full of mystery, even some management personnel of the national team doesn't know them. "I did not think others that we very mysterious." Huang Haibei said, "in the military training, we these newcomers into the well, and no strange feeling, after all we have and they played most of the players, we still know, so communication is no problem." Not related to basketball topic identity is not mysterious doesn't mean it has been fully integrated into the team. "Should give them time, now that we're together just chat about the things in life, together with a joke, not related to the topic of basketball." Du Feng said, "after all, everybody in the together time is not long, also could not communicate so deep." Fortunately, the Aoshen players very hard, very positive. "I and our team of Zhang Songtao and Chen can live in a house, we two people usually ask Chen Ke about the national team thing." Huang Haibei said. When the noon of May 8th reporters came to Hooke room, Zhang Songtao and Hooke are chatting together. Yue Sun is an example Aoshen although somewhat mysterious in the eyes of the people, but they are not alone in the national team, after all, there are three teammates, but also members of the old Yue Sun in the national team "". Although Yue Sun were Aoshen, but have a year of national team experience, now has been fully integrated into the team. Military training, he often and standing beside Zhu Fangyu, Shipeng Wang together to make fun of, laughs stagger forward and back. Zhu Fangyu will leave empty mineral water bottle stopper to Yue Sun in his pocket, Shipeng Wang in order to jostle for position and Yue Sun would "scuffle" together. To join his new team-mates, Yue Sun said: "we are in USA has developed a strong ability to live independently, so the team should not be a problem." Yang Ming because of the wound helpless "early" sports world "- MVP" reporter Zhu Chong reported that "military training is over, I will leave. The national team will be the first group doctors gave me to do a consultation, and then arranged for me to hospital for operation." Lying in bed, Yang Ming with a long sigh, his left hand is also the name of the thick plaster, "Alas, alas! This is what a good chance, a championship! " Be injured and forced to out "Oh! I heard the doctor said that there are two kinds of situations between bones and the bones, one is soon healed well, there is a two bones anyway it is not long to go, I belong to the type that is not long. In fact, if it is ordinary people, the gap does not interfere with normal life between two bones, but for our athletes is not, because it cannot force, so immediately to do operation is to put some medicine between two bones, let them grow healing force." According to doctor introduced, postoperative if all normal requires at least one and a half months of recovery time. "I take this world is no hope, because the national team can not wait for me such a new one and a half months! We can only hope to the end of the Asian Games. " Into the need to rely on the strength of Yang Ming's coach Jonas picked players, but perhaps because of injury reasons, perhaps because the new identity, Yang Ming during the training always looked very lonely, usually a person have no contact with anyone. In response, Yang Ming said frankly: "I didn't feel what special, but I think we these a few new people are very lonely, like me, Jie Libin, Wang Lei, because we are a person selected, without the team." Know is not the same club team can help each other, but as a rookie Yang Ming did not take the initiative to find big brothers "exchange, communication, communication, communication is really a weakness of mine, my personality is not good with words, so also need time in the integration on." Yang Ming said, "I feel now in the team is very awkward, everyone knows I can not play, but still in the team." Bad words is one of the reasons, Yang Ming for the new how to integrate into the team
