    In May 1st to the end of the world team table tennis championships in the men's final, China Nanping Nanping Title defeated South korea. In the deciding set key, Wang Liqin struggles hard 5 game of victory over Ryu Seung-min, China Nanping defending scored the most 1 important points. In the first 20 days later, Wang Liqin VS Ryu Seung-min, this field represents the highest level of World Tennis Showdown in Sichuan staged! Unveiled in May 20th the pingpong ultra league tournament, with Ryu Seung-min, Zhu Shihe two high-level South Korean foreign aid Sichuan Quanxing Nanping will be based in Mianyang home, meet with Wang Liqin's eight one team challenge. As the two clubs star, between Wang Liqin and Ryu Seung-min between the peak be triggered at any moment.
    Sichuan Nanping new season without migration
    This year the pingpong ultra league tournament will start from May 20th, to August 19th the end of the race, a total length of 3 months, which is divided into 3 stages. In order to avoid the previous teams "home" undeserved ills, provided this year pingpong feather center, each participating the pingpong ultra club must have a real sense of "home city", 9 home games with the club for the 2006 season with at least 5 field must be fixed in the same place. It is because of this one paper command pingpong feather center, used to looking for the home Sichuan Nanping this time also had to stay in one of the 5 games in Chengdu, while the other 4 games have 3 games in the province and other urban areas, only 1 Games in Hebei province.
    It is well known that in the past the home relocation is Sichuan Nanping solution in a big way capital bottleneck, and the new season the fixed home will no doubt reduce the club's income. In order to compensate for this loss, the pingpong feather center decided to give some compensation for the teams, "the 5 home is located in Chengdu, and will not let us feel the tension in the operation of fund, after all, the center this year gave us hundreds of thousands of compensation." In the pingpong feather center support, Sichuan Nanping believe that the new season of the Chengdu home is bound to be quite successful.
    The first round of play in China and South Korea War
    Chinese table tennis team in the World Championships after returning from Beijing, the rest for a period of time, and completed a two day extension training. Yesterday Chinese table tennis team finished the training, all the players returned to their respective provincial team, began to prepare for the new season pingpong ultra league tournament. Sichuan male pingpong team Chinese hand Wang Jianjun also returned, preparations for the unveiling of the pingpong ultra league tournament May 20th. In the first round of the pingpong ultra league tournament, Sichuan Quanxing Nanping will be the home opener in Mianyang. "Mianyang fans have been on our team is very support, plus they there are very sincere to host the new season the first round, so finally hammered out there." Sichuan Nanping responsible person on behalf of Tianyun said.
    In the first round of Mianyang in Sichuan pingpong ultra league tournament, the team of Ryu Seung-min and Zhu Shihe to fight against the eight one team world leader Wang Liqin is undoubtedly the biggest point. In the just concluded forty-eighth session of the world table tennis championships, Wang Liqin is hard 5 game of victory over Ryu Seung-min, to help the Chinese team as a trophy. But after less than 1 months, two people had fought certainly quite wonderful. "On the strength, certainly not as good as Wang Liqin Ryu Seung-min. But this time with Zhu Shihe back, our team still have confidence and eight one team fight a fight." Sichuan Nanping responsible person on behalf of Tianyun even predicted that, "no matter how the final result, this is certainly a very wonderful Sino Korean war." (Zhang Zhiling)
