    "Sports world MVP" reporter Zhu Chong reported that "up, people do not want to be slaves......" In May 8th 5 in the morning, Wang Zhizhi with China basketball together in Tiananmen square for the flag raising ceremony. When the national anthem, Wang Zhizhi staring at the five-star red flag, softly singing the national anthem. It is four years since Wang Zhizhi first in their native land heard the national anthem, seeing the national flag being raised. So, Wang Zhizhi said: "this is a time to see the flag of my most memorable." Let me feel the responsibility referring to flag the flag raising and the feelings, Wang Zhizhi said: "all the people who love the motherland in see the five-star red flag rising will have the same kind of feeling, that is, as a Chinese proud and arrogant. I have attended two flag in Tiananmen square, is the first time when I was in junior high school, although the time over the past ten years, but this feeling is unchanged, but will only continue to deepen." Indeed, this time the flag for Wang Zhizhi is very special, because this is after "sluggish beauty not to" event he saw the flag first, this is his first time in four years to return to their homeland to see the flag raising. "Four years of the development of our country change rapidly, flag raising time, my mind a lot, the emergence of many scenes. I think of home after my parents took me to the beautiful city of Victoria, the ring road, reminiscent of the magnificent buildings to see, think of the ubiquitous' new Beijing, new Olympic Games, "one world, one dream 'publicity card." Wang Zhizhi said solemnly, "at that time I feel a kind of responsibility, I hope that in 2008 Beijing Olympic Games stand seeing the national flag being raised on the podium again, heard the national anthem." The flag was very excited when it comes to the Beijing Olympic Games in Moscow, Wang Zhizhi again come very naturally think of the July 13, 2001 Moscow, Beijing Olympic site. At that time, Wang Zhizhi's Olympic image ambassador. "As a member of Beijing's Olympic bid delegation, when I saw Samaranch in Moscow announced that time Beijing wins, I really feel be full of excitement." Wang Zhizhi said, "without the flag raising ceremony in the Olympic bid site, not the national anthem, but when it was announced that when we win, we all took out already ready flag. Come back to the embassy, the national flag is raised the national anthem, we all feel very excited and proud to see." See Yao Ming will be able to see the flag in addition to the Olympic Games the flag outside, also let Wang Zhizhi remembered him in the America life. Four years in the America is the most lonely experience Dazhi, is also the most miss the motherland. "In USA, only to Chinese embassy to see the national flag, the national anthem." Wang Zhizhi said. When Wang Zhizhi was at NBA, and he and Yao Ming each encounter in the game are called butt mobile the Great Wall. "I remember, whenever I met Yao Ming or Battelle, there will be lots of Chinese fans to cheer the gym, stand will be able to see the flag, when we feel a sense of national pride in foreign countries." Wang Zhizhi said, "but I and Yao Ming on the court met few opportunities, more is only the presence of hurried talk a few words, so I can understand what Yao Ming said, in the NBA was too little Chinese, I really hope to see more and more Chinese can appear to prove that we Chinese strength at the world's most high level league. So for Yao Ming to become a champion show, for Yao Ming in the NBA's achievements and success, I sincerely happy for him, this is all Chinese pride." The guard must have the alternative "MVP" sports commentator Feng Xiao Yao Ming reported foot let Basketball Association has prepared the world championships second sets of programs; Battelle's knee injury to Zhang Songtao for the national team...... In order to cope with the unexpected injuries, the national team has put too much hand. The same thing could happen again. Yang Ming wrist injuries and thrown to the national team is a thorny problem -- how to national team the most weak point guard is ready to hand? Perhaps, the national team players height details and not cause too much attention. In 18 person of name lists, players at the height of 2.05 meters above has reached 10. This lineup is the natural elevation of the superiority in the competition, but in the stability control of the ball also exist disadvantages. In this case, Defender body burden is undoubtedly aggravated. Therefore, the reserve talented defender talent becomes more important than ever. In fact, the national team has been in this situation with adequate consideration. Yang Ming, Jie Libin selected for the national team is to expand the national team at the point guard position selection. Can Yang Ming injury problems but let the original plan become variables. Yang Ming can stay in the national team? Although the national team has not officially announced the results, but Yang Ming himself said, he would quit the national team in military training. Even so, the national team is hoping to leave the 18 year old Liaoning young fellow. Team leader Gongluming said, Yang Ming is very young, very resilient, still has hope again selected. While the national team coach Jonas is hoping Yang Ming can take good care of as soon as possible. This attitude of the national team, is entirely from the Basketball Association formulated for the 2008 Olympic Games the player's point of view of the culture. So, if Yang Ming does eventually injured and couldn't play,