May 9th, Sohu blog hosting call up friends go to Germany to see the ball is still touted by users, the day a total of more than twenty-three thousand blog users to participate in the online world cup quiz activities, so that, as of May 9th 24, a total of one hundred and fifty-five thousand users participated in the Sou Hubo guest hosted World Cup quiz.
The deadline for this activity is from the end of May 14, 2006, now the activities of only 5 days left, please also did not participate in the answer of people take the time to register the Sohu blog, participate in our quiz, answer users will have access to Sohu company offering free Fei Fude to see the ball and can enjoy the reward, with Sun Nan, Yu Quan Shawn Huang, Zhou Xiaoou, King Okayama, other domestic heavyweight star together watching the ball, ball, and even play VIP treatment.
Users can participate in our activities through the following two ways:
First, buy beauty products, during the period from April 30, 2006 to May 17, 2006, for every purchase of beauty products to consumers, can be obtained from merchants to participate in the activities of the scratch card. By the scratch card ID number, login activity website "http://2006.sohu.com/blog", registration information, to participate in the "beauty of mind the world cup in Germany, the mind travel" answer, the organizers will be based on the registered user answer time and accuracy determine a winner outstanding before 10, Sohu blog Corps get seats, go to watch the world cup in germany. The winners will be announced in Webpage information activities in May 18, 2006.
¡¡¡¡Second, Sohu blog, during the period from April 30, 2006 to May 14, 2006, as long as the landing campaign site: "http://2006.sohu.com/blog" Sohu blog, can enter into the activities of the answer system, organizers will be based on the degree of the wonderful answer time, accuracy and personal blog content, decide 30 netizens to qualify for next stage blog game. Shortlisted for the netizen information will be announced in May 15th the activities on the web page.
30 finalists will be carried out in May 18th under the netizen line of site PK, by way of answer, expert commentary and sign to elect 10 seats, won the Sohu blog legion, go to Germany to watch the World Cup match, and bear during World Cup blog reported work. The winners will be announced in Webpage information activities in May 18, 2006. After the activity, the experts will be selected 3 outstanding blog as Sohu sports advisors, long-term involvement in Sohu sports channel of the top sports event report work.