I arrived in Changchun yesterday. Simply use the lunch, the Tianjin Kang Shifu team came to the Changchun stadium before the adaptation training venues. As usual, the team always had good news and bad news. This time is not exceptional also.
Everyone wishes Jiang Chen
In Tan Wangsong to Qingdao can the team, over the same period before Sichuan Guancheng club to Tianjin TEDA and the prospect of moving to Jiang Chen has become the focus of attention of Tianjin fans. After Daniel and insist refused to Tianjin TEDA aspects, Jiang Chen finally is expected to end can play without the ball in an abnormal state in the near future. Yesterday when accepting a reporter to interview, TEDA Football Club responsible person said Jiang Chen transfer procedures will be formally engaged in the Dian in the near future. Yesterday afternoon, Changchun is the Tianjin team soldiers at hearing the good news, also expressed the ginger early morning blessings.
"We heard the news after the 'black eggs' happy. You know for a professional player, can play the feeling is very painful." One member of the Team Tianjin told reporters. "The black egg" is team-mates for Jiang Chen Dini said. This title represents the love you have for the team-mates. With general Club vice total Mu Jian Xin in talking about the ginger early morning also expressed in the young player expectations. "Although the ginger early morning earlier because of the reason as everyone knows there has been no good handling transfer procedures, but in his training very hard. Our club is looking forward to the ginger early morning can play their own characteristics and capabilities during the representative tianjin team. But we also believe that, the more good platform to build Tianjin TEDA Jiang Chen in the club grow faster." "Mu Jianxin said.
The defence will be sidelined for two
¡¡¡¡Jiang Chen immediately can have on behalf of the Tianjin team debut competition's qualifications. Although this is a good news, but for today in the Tianjin team and Changchun Team Yatai match is still distant water can not quench thirst. Today, Jiang Chen can only sit in front of the television to refuel in Changchun teammates. In comparison, Tianjin team coach has been in for the defence after injury and headache. Wang Xiao and Ding Xiangrui sat out in this afternoon's game because of injury only. This is quite a headache thing for Tianjin team.
Influence of Wang Xiao and Ding Xiangrui is wounded more than last Sunday Jin and Liao war in this afternoon on the injury. In the distant war, Wang Xiao suddenly left calf muscle injury. This also makes the Liu Chunming had to be replaced by Liu Wei. Although Wang this two days have been active in the treatment of Changchun Yatai team, but the game is not debut. "Alas, early know so, still be inferior to match with Liaoning in a yellow card." Wang Xiao yesterday told this reporter said, "in this way, I can also put on the back of yellow cards are out. Alas "also is in with the team in Liaoning, Ding Xiangrui in a challenge with the opponent down. In the fall of the process, his left elbow first touchdown, suffered serious deliberate injury. Yesterday afternoon, he can and Wang Xiao together in the court looked far from being on the site training teammates. "No way, the wound has been very pain, the heart is really in a hurry." Said Ding Xiangrui, trying to stretch his injured arm. "Up to now I still feel fingers have the feeling of hemp." Ding Xiangrui said. ("evening news" Wang Yaoming)