The Jinde club and the football association to participate in the Toulon cup China player Liu Jianye in question have huge differences, at present both sides are not prepared to compromise, the field players "battle" played very fierce.
Kim: FA promise and then deny in succession
Chinese Football Association announced 18 Olympic team at the Toulon cup yesterday, let the Jinde Club exceeding one's expectations is, Liu Jianye name impressively in columns. The Jinde club yesterday immediately and China Football Association of communication, hope Chinese football association not requisition Liu Jianye to participate in the Toulon Cup match, but the Football Association flatly refused the request, said Kim must put people.
A senior club Jinde yesterday told it was very difficult to understand, "we to the Football Association indicated that the two players are absolute force in the team, I hope the football association to consider the Jinde difficulties, the Jinde club can only let Chen Taoyi players, but also adjust the schedule. Results the Football Association agreed to requisition Chen Tao one, at the same time the Jinde in May 13 and May 24th two league postponed."
For the Football Association of promise and then deny in succession, the Jinde high-level clearly said: "we are to communicate and the Football Association, our attitude is if you do not put the Toulon cup during the three game of Jinde all delayed, then we determined not to put Liu Jianye, we do not what is wrong, but the football association previously only promised to requisition Chen Tao, now the other club does not release people."
FA: Kim to the whole
According to a football association officials said: "at present the club are not willing to put a person, the football association made a great effort. The National Olympic team is currently in urgent need the right player, Liu Jianye is currently available in the player most is a stable, coaching Olympic team very much appreciate to him, very much hope that they play, so Chinese Football Association decided to call up Liu Jianye. We have put the Jinde two games postponed, the impact players drafted to Jinde club has been reduced to a minimum, hope the Jinde club can understand."
For the Jinde club requirements of three Toulon Cup game for all field extension request, China Football Association that, adjust the two League Football Association has made a great concession, adjust the three game difficulty is too big. Adjustment of the competition is not the football association and club Jinde thing, it also relates to other clubs, the football association to communicate and other clubs, at present the other club does not quite agree with delayed league.
As reporters yesterday when distributing news dispatches, the Jinde club still and China FA Liu Jianye to conduct a communication, both sides did not concede. ("Shenyang today" Ma Cheng)
