　Much raise a Babel of criticism of the "Moggi arrange the referee" event at last is the first responsible person, yesterday, Italy Football Association President Carraro formally announced his resignation! No doubt, this is the first scapegoat phone scandal, but the Apennine peninsula "earthquake" has not ended, the Rome prosecutor's office has subpoenaed Moggi and his son, I hope this investigation do not like Juve doping case settle a matter by leaving it unsettled!
Moggi and his son to fly to Rome for trial
Morning News -- submitted his resignation in the Italy Football Association President Carraro, Juventus general manager Luciano Moggi and his son Mo Ji to fly from Turin to Rome, Rome to accept the procuratorate information. This information is mainly concentrated on suspicion of "intimidation and violence to unfair competition" in the case of GEA company.
According to Rome "courier" disclosure, the Rome procuratorate is possible according to article 513rd of the criminal law filed a lawsuit against Moggi and his son. Rome procuratorate began investigating the GEA Broker's Firm suspected of unfair competition behaviors as early as 2 months ago, the Turin procuratorate submitted materials, will be based on these phone records of Moggi and son of information content. Italy independent prosecutor Palamara and Parra Ilya said that for Moggi case will be investigated in the end. It is reported, if Moggi son guilty, legal sanctions are likely to be 2 to 6 years in prison.
At the same time, Naples procuratorate investigation Moggi also in wildly beating gongs and drums of Naples, this week, Turin and Rome three procuratorates will meet Moggi case.
Italy Carraro to step down, clap your hands
The Italy Football Association chairman Carraro yesterday suddenly announced his resignation, which makes this more complex situation drama. Carraro even though I had said it would resign from the football association chairman in the second half of the year, but everyone knew, his departure is the result of the phone hacking scandal!
Carraro wrote in his letter of Resignation: "over the next few months, the Football Association's work will be very heavy. Therefore, the football association a need to devote ourselves to the work of the management personnel." But the real reason is of course the super storm sweeping the Italy football. Really let the media is dissatisfied with the Football Association of Italy's slow, in fact the Football Association as early as the 3 month has been Turin procuratorate submitted materials, but until the media will poke out after this matter, Carraro was said to the football association to intervene in the investigation, finally had to resign! Following the resignation of Carraro, former vice chairman of the association Abbate will be temporarily replaced Carraro post.
　The resignation of Carraro quickly in football aroused no small shock, the Serie A League president Galliani said: "Carraro's resignation was a brave performance. However, the development of football in Italy need a president like him clever." Palermo's famous "big mouth" chairman of this standing on the side of Galliani: "there are a lot of people more than Carraro should step down!" But there are also man-made his resignation cheers, Perugia chairman said: "the resignation of Carraro? I'm gonna celebrate it! I have said many times? I complained glycopyrronium Ji (GEA the major shareholder of the Broker's Firm) how many times and GEA? He is always ignored in these things now, etc. the bigger things, they can't escape!"
Carraro should get out!
Moggi phone scandal let Carraro lost the position, from the beginning of 2001 came to power, various scandals during his tenure makes Italy soccer embarrassment!
Once served as the mayor of Rome Carraro and not a hardliners in the complex background of the Serie A League, the Football Association of Italy's role is tantamount to a puppet, Galliani led the Serie A League have more discourse power than the football association. Entered in twenty-first Century, from the world's first Serie A League had become Europe's most chaotic and dark league! The doping events is the Italy football can not heal the scars from Juventus, collective cases, the difference to the giants and the small club players treat, even appeared as a doping scandal of commutation! In addition, the Serie A match fixing is also not uncommon, at the beginning of the season in Genoa is directly drop into Serie C, two years ago that involved 7 teams Italy Calciopoli punishment is more shocking. Have to mention also known as audit storm, if not Carraro secretly mediation, the Serie A will have 60% teams could not be registered!
Then have a look the Carraro presidency of Italy in the international contest results -- the world cup in Japan and South Korea is South Korea eliminated, Euro 2004 even team failed to qualify! Italy fans will never forget Cassano in Oporto on a rainy night in tears, Denmark and Sweden play into 22, the Scandinavian duo jointly do off Italy. As the UEFA executive committee member Carraro only after the game curse skill!
Carraro's football association cannot clean Italy football environment, what they do is to. The president of the Football Association, should step down!