The Shide Club sent a letter to the Chinese FA, questioned the last round of League Chen Guoqiang, law enforcement, and called the questions the judges appear to have too much negative impact on the game over. China Football Association after the research thought, Chen Guoqiang in the team Shide and international team of law enforcement is no problem.



From Xi'an returned to the Dalian Shide Club, has not come out from the anger, Chen Guoqiang penalty in the game leads to big loss Shide team, Shide Club immediately ready to respond to China football situation. But Lin Lefeng for appeal doesn't entertain what hope, "the complaint useful? In the past about the complaint have no use! We just reaction about the situation, for the result does not hold what hope."



If so, the Football Association after the study identified Chinese video game, Chen Guoqiang in the game law enforcement is no problem, but the Shide Club reaction was too intense. But Lin Lefeng believes Chen Guoqiang's law enforcement has exceeded the category of technical failure, belongs to the subjective intentional will misjudge this referee is superior, the black sheep. However, Lin Lefeng anger anger, Chinese Football Association for accepting the Shide Club related complaints did not hold any hope.



As for the Shide Club asked the Chinese football association not to send Chen Guoqiang law enforcement in Shide team competition in future requests, the Chinese Football Association yesterday did not make a clear answer. However, due to similar application had a precedent, the Chinese Football Association should consider the Shide Club's request, Lin Lefeng was also very confident.



The Chinese Football Association found Chen Guoqiang in the last round of league team Shide and international team of law enforcement is no problem, this caused Shide discontent. Lin Lefeng think, in this issue, the Chinese Football Association charter is biased, only according to the referee and game supervision report that have no problem itself is too one-sided game..



Although already anticipated the Chinese Football Association will not punish Chen Guoqiang, Shide Club on the appeal itself does not hold any hope, but that the Chinese Football Association that Chen Guoqiang in the last round of League in law enforcement no problem, Lin Lefeng believes that the Chinese Football Association's decision is biased, he again stressed that Chen Guoqiang in the last round of League "beyond law enforcement technical error category", belongs to the subjective intention in law enforcement tend to the home team.



Lin Lefeng believes that the relevant articles of the Chinese Football Association in this regard is biased, whether in the cognizance of the game appeared on the issue, according to the referee and the game is supervision report, do not take into account the interests of the club and the player, without listening to the parties of the argument, which in itself is difficult to do justice. The football association should have the protection of the club and the players in terms of rules, and not only to the referee and game supervision side.



In fact, almost every year in the League will have almost the same club challenged with Lin Lefeng alone, think the referee and the competition supervision report that appeared in the game problem is too one-sided, China football should have corresponding provisions in this regard the protection of the club and the players. But such calls shouted a few years, have not had any effect. ("Peninsula morning paper" Chi Fengli)
