Because in the last round of league team Shide away on international team after the excesses, Shide Club General Manager Lin Lefeng was China Football Association to heavy penalties, fines of more than 6000, suspended at least 3 field. This afternoon China Football Association punishment decision will eventually sent to the Shide club.
Shide team's trip to the international team match, the referee Chen Guoqiang law enforcement caused Shide team under strong dissatisfaction, coach Vlado and assistant coach Liu Zhongchang on the first half was sent to the stands. Then several disputed goals make Shide team 0:4 behind a large margin, although eventually moved back to the two ball, but in the end unable to restore the great score the bitter defeat. After the game, the Shide Club General Manager Lin Lefeng rushed in to question Chen Guoqiang's law enforcement, caused a scene of chaos.
Although Lin Lefeng is arguing, and there is no special action, but the referee Chen Guoqiang after the game in the match report, wantonly impulsive behavior of Lin Lefeng. According to Chen Guoqiang China football match report, make a decision of heavy penalties on Lin Lefeng. Yesterday, after the study of the Disciplinary Commission, preliminary make the punishment is the result of its fine of more than 6000, and suspended at least 3 field.
Last night, Chinese Football Association has drawn up the final penalty results, but not released. Because today there will be a round of Super League, so Chinese Football Association in the current round of League before the announcement of punishment result, Lin Lefeng from the beginning of the game, will be prohibited from entering the venue at least three.
This is the first ticket Chinese Football Association for individuals out of the super club, Lin Lefeng on the punishment is very heavy. Since Vladimir Petrovic was not an additional punishment, while Lin Lefeng is the general manager of the club, so the punishment he suspended for three games for the team did not affect the. But the punishment results or make the Shide Club is very angry, the referee Chen Guoqiang "acquitted" in any case, this also makes the Shide Club think impassability. ("Peninsula morning paper" Chi Fengli)
