　　Yesterday the Nets beat 100:88 away the heat, we finally understand that they have to heat during the regular season 3 wins 1 of the negative record is not accidental. In fact, the last time the heat beat the nets is already 6 months ago. Since the beginning of the season with a victory over the nets not yet running in molding, the heat in the regular season lost three games and averaged 10.7 points, lost. Understanding this history, you should not be on the home court advantage nets yesterday stole heat and feel strange.
0:1
The nets yesterday obviously than Miami entered earlier state, they come up to strike first to gain the initiative, Kidd, Carter and Jefferson arrows volley, the first section is scored 38 points. At half-time, heat to 4664 backward, and this was their most points in a half this postseason. In the heat, they only after 30 seconds ahead, since then have failed to score counter ultra. Late in the third quarter, lead the nets has reached 28 points, then despite the heat in the fourth section, launch a counterattack, but they ultimately failed to score will be reduced to within 9 points of. Heat for such a bad start, coach Riley was very unhappy, he said after the game: "we do not want this opening, beginning we did not do a good job and compete preparation."
Wade scored 25 points, O'neal 20 points and 10 rebounds, but he spent most of the first half are limited by foul trouble, Williams had 12 points, 17 turnovers heat to the nets 24. "We have no chance to win." Wade said.
Carter had 27 points, Kidd had 22 points, 9 rebounds and 7 assists, Jefferson on a sprained ankle before leaving to get 20 points. "We are from the game to be absorbed in the game," Carter said, "we want to do everything and were much more aggressive, we want to let everyone know that we can compete with them, we have to prove that they are a good team."
O'neal again into foul trouble
Although O'neal made the doubles, but both on and off the pitch, it is too quiet night for him.
O'neal trapped in too many fouls in the first three quarters, it is impossible to make a due contribution, especially in the first section, "the shark" was scoreless and three fouls. This expression makes O'neal originally on the extremely strong self-esteem hurt, after he refused to be interviewed, it is usually to his referee Chuifa expression of discontent.
　　The game played only 5 minutes, O'neal because to eat two offensive fouls on Jason Collins and had to sit on the bench. After the game, the referee made of heat coach Riley expressed dissatisfaction with the referee, "this is really frustrating, we need him (O'neal) to stay on the court."
In and the bulls in the first round of the playoffs, O'neal had competitors diving deficit, yesterday before the game, O'neal and Riley also especially good at engaging in this set nets also to referees are described, but the course of the game that they did not hear.
O'neal before the three day only scored 7, if not fourth quarter, he made the technical statistics will be very ugly. In fact, he was at the free throw line only 14 throw in 8, and also 4 turnovers in the second quarter of the unknown, and the nets forward John Thomas confrontation also fell leeward. O'neal made only 29 minutes of playing time, which caused great damage to miami. In 6 games in the first round and the bull, O'neal has 3 foul problems, the results should have a series of easily take turns to fight.
Jefferson doesn't mind the ankle injury
In yesterday's competition, the nets will one of Jefferson sprained his right ankle, give the nets playoff prospects cast a shadow.
After the game, a special shoes right set of Jefferson on a walk, have to rely on the help of crutches. In the interview, Jefferson deliberately avoided what time can back problems. "I just injured 20 minutes ago, you asked me in the next two days the situation. How should I know. Jefferson said.
The third section with 10 minutes and 18 seconds, Jefferson in a layup and not to step on anyone's feet, himself awkwardly fell to the ground. After inspection team, has scored 20 points and Jefferson had to leave the field. The nets was 17 points ahead, after it has been in control of the game, so Jefferson is not eager to get back in the game.
After the game, Jefferson accepted the X - ray, and found no abnormal bone is what. But to be on the safe side, he also received MRI examination. "I have confidence to deal with the pain, I think I can endure more pain than most people." Said Jefferson, last season he just because a wrist injury sidelined for 4 months, but eventually recover in time for the playoffs, "I was wrist ligament has not fully recovered, but I still played two and a half weeks game. I believe I can play, as long as there could be any appearance, I will go into battle. I can play very confident, but we have to wait before the next game to determine."
The regular season records against
In November 8, 2005 December 24, 2005 90:89 nets nets 95:88 Miami Miami Miami in April 3, 2006 February 5, 2006 nets 105:92 nets 90:78 heat