"Who is that like Xiao Tang Zhuang ah?" "The about Dazhi height?" When Huang Haibei and Zhang Songtao appeared in the national team training site, the fans There were many discussions. The two unfamiliar faces. And for the two mysterious newcomer, make the national team is a pressing matter of the moment to familiarize themselves as soon as possible.
Military training fun
Huang Haibei height 2.05 meters, weight reached 115 kg, came into the team, his strong body becomes the object of national team boss man joking. "Look how strong the ass, ah!" Du Feng jokingly touched a standing beside him Huang Haibei butt, Huang Haibei smiled shyly.
It was the first time in the national team, although the Olympian in the past two years has been far from CBA, but team boss man and not so "isolation" them. Zhu Fangyu said: "everyone together pretty well, although they are new, but the character is very cheerful, very soon emerged, we often joke, laugh together."
Zhu Fangyu's words just finished saying, just listen to Du Fengzhao Huang Haibei shouted, "happy, you don't pretend to be injured, so young and strong quickly come to train." Hear the words of Du Feng, the Yellow seashells touch head, and exposed his shy smile. Originally, after the queue after two days of training, Huang Haibei old injury has a relapse, when the other team is still a queue training, Huang Haibei sitting on the sidelines of the rest.
Because the Aoshen in American ABA League, a lot of people think they are full of mystery, even some management personnel of the national team doesn't know them. "I did not think others that we very mysterious." Huang Haibei said, "in the military training, we these newcomers into the well, and no strange feeling, after all we have and they played most of the players, we still know, so communication is no problem."
¡¡¡¡Not related to basketball subject
The identity is not mysterious doesn't mean it has been fully integrated into the team. "Should give them time, now that we're together just chat about the things in life, together with a joke, not related to the topic of basketball." Du Feng said, "after all, everybody in the together time is not long, also could not communicate so deep."
Fortunately, the Aoshen players very hard, very positive. "I and our team of Zhang Songtao and Chen can live in a house, we two people usually ask Chen Ke about the national team thing." Huang Haibei said. When the noon of May 8th reporters came to Hooke room, Zhang Songtao and Hooke are chatting together.
Yue Sun is an example
Aoshen although somewhat mysterious in the eyes of the people, but they are not alone in the national team, after all, there are three teammates, but also members of the old Yue Sun in the national team "".
Although Yue Sun were Aoshen, but have a year of national team experience, now has been fully integrated into the team. Military training, he often and standing beside Zhu Fangyu, Shipeng Wang together to make fun of, laughs stagger forward and back. Zhu Fangyu will leave empty mineral water bottle stopper to Yue Sun in his pocket, Shipeng Wang in order to jostle for position and Yue Sun would "scuffle" together.
To join his new team-mates, Yue Sun said: "we are in USA has developed a strong ability to live independently, so the team should not be a problem."