The Sohu sports news: Anna Kournikova is a famous tennis girl, although rarely now play, but her fighting spirit, grip technology and dynamic good temperament, often make many fans remember relish. Of course, her in tennis fame mainly rely on is not game, mainly her beauty makes people ignore her skills, and her often surprising words. On Sunday, Kournikova Benz elite exhibition games in Atlanta and show her the unique charm, and even promise has been married 6 times and had 4 miscarriages, also divorced 7 times, more than 500 people date. What the hell is going on?
In Atlanta the day before the Mercedes Benz exhibition elite, Kournikova in a sports brand new conference accepted many reporters.
When a reporter asked her, what is already married to the Spanish love song Prince Iglesias, still have to face breaking up? Anna was some angry, self up suddenly; "I have been married for the six time, four pregnancies, seven divorce, what else is there to say? Yes, each of us and other date more than 500 times,...... However, I think the statement is our relationship is very good at the moment, he just finished his new album, I'm really happy for him."
One can know this is not her true, however, Russia cool female revealed
"The terrible secret" or disturb the major Western media, this news a short time become the highest page click rate. Indeed, Anna Kournikova quotations and has a wide influence in the world.
In addition, Anna in the interview also revealed some of his views on life.
For example, image problem, Kournikova revealed a few female role models in their minds to the character, including the black American television talk show queen Oprah, Queen Rania of Jordan, and newly minted Oscar winner Reese witherspoon. Explain why you like that, "
They encouraged me to continue to move forward, they do not live for ourselves, but to yourself as a part of the world.
About will continue to play tennis, and if you don't play tennis, I will do what? Anna revealed himself in the end also not play also has a troubled, and said, "I have not heard of these problems will feel tired, because I can't see my heart really think of what direction to go. As long as I do not officially announced, the media will always ask, whether I finally decide to continue play or choose to retire, I will give a formal statement. I now play together with the American The Racquet Club Hotel's children, I want to encourage kids to join sports to go, and I will also write a column for the "Elle" magazine, also often see some sports fitness DVD, I want to the identity of the athletes tried to lead the girls to find a healthy lifestyle."
On in the next 20 years, how to position themselves in sports field or in the entertainment field? Kournikova said: "when I was 18 years old, agent gave me leave tennis advice
, I also accepted; but I never regret these decisions, since it has already happened, let it go. If those things don't happen, I will instead of me."
Maybe for beautiful women, men enjoy their pursuit of eyes after all than endure the loneliness a hundred times more pleasant. (Sohu sports Fa Lei)
