In May 11th, 2006 Chinese and Weijia league tournament third round will be in the home court again. And the usual Weijia schedule, take it leisurely and unoppressively before this year a few rounds of arrangement is more, before and after the two separated by longer periods, five one long also rest, a humanitarian, is really "and" culture is everywhere. Just don't know what used to frequent expeditions Weijia teams in such coasted atmosphere if there is discomfort. In short, the war comes again, still each exhibition aspiring.
Seems to be in smooth water opening battle in teams, "the first two rounds of the contest will be bad" heart completely unmasked. After a raise or enlarge an army a great range, the strength of each team much closer, the results straight sixth, seven league champion Shanghai team two rounds down, a gun not ring, product 0 points in the "downgrade" column. And is regarded as the underdog Beijing team Haidian actually successes, the second highest. Attract general most of the Shandong team to take all 4 points at the top of the list without dispute, compared to last year, had a crown the top of the Shandong team, confidence is completely different.
For the 22 round of the long road Weijia League, two rounds of the game is only just beginning. But each round result for the teams, are self-evident and has special significance than spectators can understand. Watch the battle of Zuoheganxiang.
Beijing Yunnan Shangri-La emerging VS
As Luo Xihe Samsung Cup win, breaking the emerging real estate team originally balanced equilibrium is irresistible, chief candidates seemed as first thought, but washing river state has really dare not flatter, by just in LG Cup qualifier scored the game Huang Yizhong took the post of commander also unknown. Of course Ding Wei is the Yunnan team certainly will, strength and are in a state of steady stage. But the Lord, team Yunnan three will also to shake the emerging three tiger, the difficulty is not small, this round of the collision, Beijing emerging team to take all 2 points should be non accidental.
Beijing Haidian VS Guizhou Kesuting
Haidian relies on Zhou Rui a force of people struggling, unexpectedly get unexpected results, since the second half of last year to the league, Zhou Rui sheep on each team owners will also have very few losses, in other events at the end of the war, in Tianyuan is about to launch a challenge Gu Li. Against the Guizhou Kesuting commander in chief of the Wang Lei, the odds are unpredictable, but the young private psychological advantage, Wang Lei how to deal with pressure becomes the key. The other three will be obtained from Haidian Kesuting body 1 points is not impossible, so will become the key to decide the outcome of the battle of Guizhou Kesuting team, this is a test.
Shandong Netcom VS China in Pingdingshan Coal Group
Shandong since the opening match China Netcom Hong momentum, has defeated Dabao, Shanghai two teams, encounter little resistance. From the hand, with Zhou Heyang, Sheikh, Shao Weigang and other generals of the Shandong team is strong soldiers and sturdy horses. So the lineup for the Pingdingshan Coal Group has just been rushed go, real difficult, Shandong continues to lead the team go Championship momentum are afraid to break.
Chongqing cold acid Ling in Shanghai mobile VS communication
Consecutive championships versus Erlianguan, director of the intrusions. Chongqing's first commanding general Gu Li finally returned to Shanghai, the core team of Chang Hao in reply to the state, two strong anti -, Gu Li recently condition supernaturally brave better home court, by force, even in the face of such strong team Shanghai, Chongqing team as sent elite to victory seems not difficult. Is the "base" of the Shanghai team to hit to turn over battle the difficulty is not small.
Guizhou satellite TV VS Beijing Dabao
After the staff after the adjustment, Guizhou satellite TV team actually difficult to seek a strong will, sadly. Chen Yaoye regression, reproducing hole Jie + Chen Yaoye cavalry combination, the current round of Dabao team can gain the victory hope soars. Pour is Lord candidate, may wish to test new world runner up Chen Yaoye.
Dalian above VS Wuhan Huaxia College
With strength theory, two teams evenly matched. Li Kang seems to have not restore, Niu Yutian served as commanding general of the possibility of a larger, Wuhan team Li Zhe is inevitable owners. Owners outside the three sets of confrontation, a team to victory almost impossible, his war determines the two teams.