The Sohu sports news Beijing standard time on May 10th morning, Roy Kean's farewell game for Manchester United in Manchester United's Old Trafford stadium. Results with C Ronaldo, Manchester United scored a 1-0 victory over the Celtics, Kean as team captains represent the two teams have played the half court. And van Nistelrooy because of falling out with the club, missed the game.
The game, Roy Kean has attracted nearly 70000 fans came to support, attracted by the Irish legend fans more than 5 years ago Giggs's farewell game fans. Roy Kean is following the Lu - Macari and Blaine - McClair, third Manchester United and Celtic, and farewell star in this way. Coincidentally, the three game is the second half goals.
The first half of the match, the first Kean to the Celtics captain identity to participate in the competition, but the Manchester United to fully grasp the initiative, but Celtic goalkeeper Boruk to play well, he will shut sb. Lewis Saha and C Lo shot, but Luo Xijie Giggs's pass close shot was saved Boruk magic. Then the Scottish champions gradually into the role, sixteenth minute free kick, Malone, to draw a beautiful arc, straight to the corner of the net, Howard flying the ball will be saved. The first half, Kean and foot vigorously long-range, but the ball too far off target. Boruk also successfully saved a C free kick shoots luo.
The second half, Kean put on his very familiar red shirt, and quickly became the United midfielder. Gary - Neville, Scholes and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer etc. are all playing Manchester United veteran. On the field of the deadlock is at the start of the second half 10 minutes after the break from Manchester United, C Luo Giggs's cross after the offside trap, facing Boruk, scored the ball between the legs from the. After two minutes, the Celtics also has an excellent equalised, the former Manchester United star Varga Dublin header ferry, close range volley, the ball flew out from the door guarded by Van Der Sar.
Sixty-eighth minutes, C Luo 18 yards left foot volley shot near angle, Boruk will once again to defuse dangerous situations. Eightieth minutes, C Luo connecting Solskjaer's pass, the ball into the Celtic net, but the referee ruled out for offside, the goal is invalid. After two minutes, the Celtics difference will level the score, the unmarked Dublin road shot, the ball rub out of column. The combined with C Ronaldo Koeman score 1-0 victory over the celtics.
After the game, Kean and his 5 children, Celt and Manchester United players waved good-bye to the audience, the court also rang the song "only Kean" melody. Celt and Manchester United players even last year 11 months Kean left Manchester United's Ferguson also came to the center to pay tribute to Kean. On November 18, 2005, Roy Kean and Manchester United to reach an agreement, the Irish legend since the end of the at Old Trafford in 12 years of occupation career. He also won the 5000000 pound severance and a farewell game.
Like all farewell match, the last of the focus has been on Kean's body. Excited Kean only say just a few words: "this is really unforgettable. I will always remember it all, this is the best time of my life." (Kong Mengfeiying)." (Kong Mengfeiying)