The Sohu sports news: Despite Hill in recent years because of injuries and the fans once out of sight, but in the eyes of the media he is still represents the absolute alliance "gentleman player". Ultimate ownership of May 9th local time "Orlando Business Journal" published 2006 annual "Magic Johnson" award, the results after the occupation basketball Writers Association (PBWA) common vote, from the Orlando magic's Grant Hill won this honor.
"Magic Johnson" award was established in 2001, which aims to praise those who not only have outstanding performance at the same time between OTC and the media and fans have good interaction in the game. The award is a superstar, NBA Hall of Famer, played for the Lakers "magician" Johnson to the name, "the magician" Johnson in the 80's and 90's with the Boston Celtics star Larry - Bird to witness NBA's brilliant pomp, and their influence is also promoted the popularity of basketball movement.
Grant because Hill underwent a hernia operation and missed most of the season, this season he only played in 21 games and averaged 15.1 points, 3.8 rebounds and 2.3 assists. But the occupation basketball Writers Association (PBWA) also believes that Hill has made the all star team 7 times, and in his occupation career of 11 years he averaged 20.6 PPG, 7.3 rebounds and 5.6 assists, and good cooperation relationship with Hill and the media also is be obvious to people.
Occupation basketball Writers Association chairman Steve Yasibona explains why to give the award to Grant Hill: "we get to Hill 'Magic Johnson Prize' feel very happy, although this season due to injury and in the race he cannot fully display their talent, but as a union in the most elegant player he is fully deserve the. Not only is he playing skills, and at the same time, was also the presence of maintaining good personal cultivation and hand in and media cooperation has always been very dedicated. This season in the media about the operation and return to his attention and he showed great patience, and this has won him fans understand. He should win this award. "
The other was nominated for a 2006 "Magic Johnson" award players also include the Phoenix Suns team of Sean - Marion, Houston Yao Ming of the Houston Rockets, Losangeles Lakers' Lamar Odom, Dallas Mavericks team of Jason - Terry and Brent of the Sanantonio Spurs - Barry. Occupation basketball Writers Association members to cover the newspaper, magazine and Internet related industries, and previous winners have included the Milwaukee Bucks ray - Allen (2001), the Losangeles clippers bland (2002), the Chicago bulls Jielun Ross (2003), the Indiana Pacers O'Neal (2004) and the Washington Wizards Antoine Jamieson (2005). (Sohu sports
Kong Mengfeiying.
