From hot to cool the Shenzhen Shanghai, the Shenzhen team members of the spirit are all lifted. "A hot one cold easily out of state ah", Wang Hongwei in 9 days to adapt to the venue it appears to be a joke, but shows a momentum. In the face of state continuous downturn Shanghai Liancheng, Shenzhen team vowed: never send gift.
Shanghai a few days ago, the temperature is high, but suddenly a heavy rain brought cool, also make the Shenzhen team "Guests feel at home". Shanghai media counterparts reluctantly make fun of: "this is not true when the rain comes, is not a sign of Liancheng 'cool'?"
Shanghai United currently does in be besieged on all sides: a lot of fans, even is to give the team boos; media deviation, the team training often feint, reporters repeatedly fooled, now on the training field has rarely been seen after shadow. If the ball city deserted and media indifference not enough to make the club high-level attention to words, then the face of declining performance, the team has cool not up. In this case, the Shenzhen team drew should not be the slightest accident test, the club is to coach Carlos an ultimatum.
Carlos deliberately plan is not terrible, the Shenzhen team's need to beware of, it is old acquaintance Diego. Injured limped off in the tenth round Diego, is likely to return at this critical moment, assume responsibility for United rattling.
Compared with the opponents nerves, Shenzhen team is rare and a relaxed state of mind. The 9 day of training content and as usual, but the atmosphere was clearly shows a brisk. The shooting training, Wang Baoshan is provided for the performance of the disciples series "pretty" praise, even hope the ball out of the goalkeeper Xiao Jianjia also said humorously: "no way ah, did not expect everyone to state out so fast!"
Xue Shen because of the wound did not travel with the team, the last round of the excellent performance of Li Fei firmly secured the main position in training, he repeatedly create wonderful murder. Rise plus Daniel fade and Huang Fengtao, Shenzhen team is to solve problems and offensively rack sth.. The 10 day of competition, Li Yi and Diego, the old partner, will launch the attack dialogue. Shenzhen team to win, knives sharpened some how?
When Wang Baoshan learned that the situation be placed in jeopardy when united, he appeared on a "cunning" laugh: "take 3 points? Take advantage of not too battle righteousness? Each take 1 points to the satisfaction of all? This is not my character. It's a free gift? That more impossible! " Wang Baoshan's humor with ease and confidence. Especially when that Liancheng game if extremely, Claudio Carlos may not be maintained "serious consequences", Wang Baoshan is thrown out of a express volumes "joke": "don't because I sent him away!" (reporter Wu Ji Zhang Weizhen)