In recent days, England football storm constantly, today at the Millennium Stadium officials confirmed, there are about 1600 tickets for the FA Cup final at the Royal Mail Liverpool transit center was stolen, which will lead directly to the capital of the 1600 Liverpool fans can not go to Welsh, can't personally for Liverpool cheer. "I'm sorry, they are the victims, but now it is not possible for them to re distribute the tickets, they can only at home or in the bar to see the ball." The Millennium Stadium officials said reluctantly.
The FA and the Millennium Stadium has been confirmed, the 1600 Liverpool tickets will not be admitted, also suitable for them in exchange for tickets will not, because time does not permit, and compensation will have continued and then in the final after. So there will be at least 1600 empty seats in the stands, and these are all Liverpool fans. If someone appears in the 1600 empty seats on the how to do? The Millennium Stadium CEO Paul said: "the stadium of police and security personnel will throw them out, and then record the record, ask them where tickets."
There are 74000 seats to the Millennium Stadium, Liverpool and West Ham United their assigned 24436 tickets, the rest of the tickets sold by the stadium. Paul added: "we now can only say sorry for this 1600 Liverpool fans, in the case of safety first, we can't take remedial measures to meet their entry requirements, but they can give priority to get tickets sold tickets remaining in the stadium, but I estimate tickets left for the few." South Welsh police chief Bob Evans said: "we will fully support the Millennium Stadium activities, implement the concept of this one area without tickets, tickets not copy and substitute." In any case, will be the Reds fans region appears a blank area is unavoidable.
As the season finale opera England's football, the FA Cup final will be held this Friday (May 13th) was held in the capital of the Cardiff Welsh center Millennium Stadium, Liverpool and West Ham hammers both reached the final. Although in recent years the FA Cup has a little decline, but as a centennial meaningful competition, is widely attention, in recent years various Qiang England football did not relax on the FA cup. This season Liverpool to continue winning streak attract sb.'s attention, while West Ham United as the season is promoted the horse all the way into the finals is admirable, especially Coukell into Erickson's World Cup the bench, needle and old striker sheringham. So this game will not necessarily is the one-sided situation that people thought, the Liverpool England internationals if you do not mention the 12 spirit is likely to fall down at the Millennium Stadium this season, are void. experience. In the UK, lost the match before the ticket is definitely a bad omen, and this is a lost 1600. As part of the ticket transport operators, the Royal Mail has been at Liverpool to scold a pour dog's blood on, but the most anxious is that they don't even have a clue, also don't know where the thief steal tickets intention. The poor natural is the 1600 Liverpool fans. Many fans booked the tickets in the later booked round-trip train tickets and Cardiff's local hotel, Cardiff from Liverpool to a straight line distance not too far, but add a factor to Midway and fans flocking, this trip is estimated to take 5 hours, round-trip is 10 hours, so many fans watching the ball in the local tour, and then come back to liverpool. One of the fans, from the British Gibraltar, he just flew to Liverpool had heard their tickets were stolen, and now his round-trip air ticket, train ticket, hotel costs require Royal post compensation. (Wang Kai, UK)