Xiamen blue lions beat based home court against Shenyang Jinde, speak from a certain meaning, the echelon war was also the two Holland men duel -- Xiamen team Dutch technical adviser and Ali Xiao Shen foot Dutch coach Kaufman fight. Two people understand each other, enjoyed considerable prestige in Holland football teams, the outcome is not only related to the fate of the team avoid relegation, will also affect the face the problem of two people.
Because the 7 Lianping rose slowly, Xiamen coach Gao Hongbo has been home court fans shouted "class", in order to alleviate the crisis, the club of Xiamen emergency please Ali Xiao, who uphold the Holland football attacking philosophy, 352 of the attack has been shown to call threatening murderous look, while Kaufman will be firm with fierce battle in 442 and Ali Xiao deal, interpret their own offensive and defensive philosophy in a foreign country, two industry association do not know why impressions?
In fact, the two teams is similar, the final outcome should be in between a ball. In the Xiamen experience, Shen enough emphasis in spirit. Both teams are emphasis on the ground seepage attack, but relatively speaking, the following three way offensive started Xiamen player skills more exquisite. Chen Tao against Li Zhuangfei, two very promising young midfielder in the field of para attack, I do not know who will take the upper hand?
Today, located in the south of the Xiamen climate hot, a long-distance Jinde team can withstand humid interference is still unknown. The club's record command "Bao Ping Sheng", not to lose; the Xiamen club is to win, Jeli can break the goal uncultivated land, make up the missed Juesha regret in the game? His strike partner -- Joakim, this season has yet to score a goal, the game will be scored his first goal in the goal? And the return of Jinde striker puke will have what kind of performance? A series of questions will be answered in today's Xia Shen Yizhan in.
Newspaper reporter Zhang Song
