This afternoon, Chan Ba River team in Fushun will challenge team Liaoning. The last round of home court Ba the team won the victory, greatly inspired the morale of the team, the Shaanxi fans are eagerly looking forward to Ba the team can make persistent efforts to get two in a row, but the reality is not optimistic, sidelined by Strikeforce heifengshuangsha, but team Liaoning vows will get three points, the Laoshixiyuan Ba the team win is very difficult. Duo's absence; A You although state as before, but with his former shooting skills, teams of A You potential necessary defended, so that the Ba the team reached the purpose of contain each other forces. Now Vicente has to find the feeling of the game, scored three goals in two games, has become the key to Mr. Chan Ba River team. While Vicente and defensive golf skills, so offensive and defensive character indispensable to Ba the team, the last round against the Shide team, Vicente is after the end, Shide is only getting two goals, his role thus. Heifengshuangsha out, Cheng Yaodong is likely to be in front of only the Zhang Xincheng striker, and set the 5 midfielders, round did not play as invisible striker Wang Peng is expected to start the game. In over the first 11 rounds, Ba the team at Wuhan team is also this lineup, result with 0 than 1 defeated. Slightly favorable for Ba the team is, the last round win Shide team make Ba the team found confidence, while Wu Chengying, Wang Yun and other owners of the condition is just good, these factors is the largest capital Ba the team get away. An awkward confrontation records in the history of confrontation, Chan Ba River international team against Liaoning team record with 1 wins and embarrassing, 4 flat 3 negative disadvantage, the Liaoning team in the home court of the international team unbeaten, record of 2 wins 2 flat, thus, the Liaoning team to deal with Ba the team such technical team is not one set. At the beginning of the season, due to a serious shortage of funds, the club of Liaoning are seriously threatened, Liaoning team also suffer a disastrous decline. But from the beginning of the seventh round, to cheer the team quickly Liaoning with a two game winning streak that containment of the downturn, the team overall strength can not be belittled. The Liaoning team on the wheel to 2 than 4 defeat in Tianjin, the message says, this is a Liaoning player as the club on intentional results, truly reflects not strength. The view from the race, after the game and Chan Ba River team, Liaoning will be met with Beijing and Shandong battle, points the difficulty is very big, so the club Liaoning hope to beat Chan Ba River team in today, so that the team can hold their ground. It is worth, although over the first 11 rounds fluctuating state, but keep the unbeaten record in the home court of Liaoning team. Tavia Yeung of our newspaper reporter special tips: seven sets of Shaanxi today live 15:35 Liaoning VS Chan Ba River (please note program change)
