The Sohu sports news: the pistons five general one of the "Big Ben" Ben Wallace this summer with the piston's contract will expire, and the big will become non restricted free agent, President of the pistons basketball operations Joe Dumas of course know the importance of big for the overall construction of the pistons. According to Joe Dumars consistent style, under the general is very difficult to know who some of the ideas he's innermost. But recently, Joe Dumars has repeatedly released the wind, said pistons very hope and Ben Wallace in the summer to renew the contract. Joe Dumars is early release piston team willing to renew and big wind, there should include two meanings, one is to stabilize the morale of the troops, and let the armed forces Yongming, especially for the big play hard, and make due contributions to the pistons impact this season in the championship. Two is the Big Ben is indeed plays a crucial role in the construction of attack and defense system against the pistons, piston team in recent seasons proved this point.
Joe Dumars has Ben was in NBA alliance named after "the best defensive player," a media interview, said: "this guy is like Dinghaishenzhen our team. We have over the past 5 or 6 years the achievements he has a large part of the credit." Dumas also said: "our victory journey also began when he comes here, there is no doubt that he is the cornerstone of our team. He seldom make mistakes a player on the pitch, I was doing all the current proud. I hope that the next few years he can continue to do these things for our team."
Ben Wallace had previously said many times, he wants to end his career in basketball occupation pistons. Joe Dumars also in his speech confirmed this both between "I wish you love" feeling: "and Ben is the renewal of our team this summer's first priority. As I mentioned before. We look forward to in a few years time in not the team are able to see his shadow. I want to say a thing is, he has won everything he can get, this is not what the deliberate pursuit of results. He is on the court with their own efforts to get all this. When the appropriate time comes, everything that happens will happen."
The pistons will probably give the 31 year old Ben Wallace to offer him a hefty contract this summer, when the Wallace will be among the League top paid player list. If the contract is not NBA the history of the most high player contract, it should also be among the top of the column, then the Wallace is likely to get a 4 year contract, his first year on the wage income of between $12000000 to $15000000.
However, the details of the contract the future now not big most issue of concern: "although it seems like all is the natural way, but I will not let this thing distracted, I want to do now is to help our team as much as possible to win. My ultimate goal is to help the team win the championship. Last year I felt in Sanantonio and some did not fully play out, this year I'm going to rediscover what I lost last year. As Joe said, let all the occurrence of own happens!"
Ben has not hire any agent, so that the expected talks problem this summer he will own behalf and team, when asked whether this season has been rated as "the best defensive player," to increase his negotiations with the pistons chips when this one problem, Ben said with a smile: "for this prize is a bit I was contrary to expectation. After I received this award, we can talk about the price problem." (Sohu sports
Kong Mengfeiying.