









In the early 80 century, Song Xueren (right) and Mauritanian football for the other players wear a commemorative badge
Song Xueren (right) photo and the former Soviet Union national team coach (thanks to Mr. Song Xueren to provide the data of pictures)
The 74 year old football man Song Xueren at home now live an easy life in old age. Recently, song old became too busy, he collected the world 32 strong information from newspapers, pay attention to international football coverage, and from the psychological and physical well prepared for late nights, in his words, "all because of the upcoming FIFA World Cup in germany".
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; the world cup the first impression to Song Xueren, is a dust laden history of 40 years. For Song Xueren's football career, the course of contact of the world cup, is a let him become enlightened at once story.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; 1958 World Cup brought him shock
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; in 1956, the Shaanxi football team official team built, Song Xueren as captain selected. At that time, the world cup for the general public, offered only a vague concept, because at that time the television in the country is extremely rare, people contact with the world cup, only through news film documentary, most people are just curious to watch, but in Song Xueren and other professionals in the eye, the World Cup impressed them just "shock" two words can describe.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Sweden in 1958 World Cup, Song Xueren in the second half of the year through internal movies to watch the final segment, the Brazil team gave him a very deep impression, after forty years, song old recalled: "the feeling is really amazing! This is the original play football."
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; through the movie, Song Xueren found, the high level athlete abroad can use any part of the body except hands playing outside, and at that time most China professional athletes, including the later legend year dimensional Si,, basic can only play with one foot, not to mention the other parts.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Song Xueren also spoke of a memory, when the initial Chinese international practice a week the ball, to Britain five or six, now just a football boy could be free to Britain five hundred or six hundred. When the gap Chinese football and the world level of the remarkable.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; in the appointment of the hall when the world cup commentator
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; due to engage in professional football and like sake, song old from the first day of contact World Cup, will use a variety of methods to collect data about the world cup, then even a picture, only through the internal relation can be see.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; the fall of 1958, the National Sports Commission delegation arrived in Xi'an, broadcast news record film about the world cup in Shaanxi province sports hall, but the narrator temporary did something in that year, the leadership of the Sports Commission and so on the spot will be, so that when he was in Shaanxi football coach Song Xueren served as announcer. "I was very nervous, auditorium hundreds of sports people, thanks to my earlier learned some knowledge world cup."
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Song Xueren was mainly introduced about the history of the world cup and world football teams of the situation, now it seems, this is simply common sense, but in the past is a rare thing. The news the movie is in Sweden in 1958, Brazil won the world cup scene, scene interpretation well, field see fun, everyone was very excited.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; World Cup campaign into Shan foot materials
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;By the end of 1957, Song Xueren as a coach in football coaches training sports national organization, when the speaker is the Soviet Union national team coach Soloviev, textbook is the 1954 and 1958 World cup.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; although the Soviet Union coach mainly through the picture to display, but the World Cup Teams show the tactical and technical ability, let Song Xueren become enlightened at once. "When a man's brain is very stubborn, for example a defender can only be fixed in the backcourt area, where have what assists? Assist is a disciplinary offence. It can be said, is that the world cup is changing our understanding of football."
A chance to let Song Xueren come into contact with the recording film of the 1954 World Cup, between West Germany and Hungary classic war has left an unforgettable impression on Song Xueren. "The group stage, the Germany Hungary kicked a 8 than 3, so the final again encountered German, Hungarian didn't put in the eyes of the opponent, the game just began in Hungary is 2 to 0 lead, but no one has thought of the final West even pull 3 balls, with 3 than 2 won the final victory. This is incredible. " From this world cup, Song Xueren concluded that a truth: any time dare not drop one's guard, no matter when we can not give up.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; the old Shaanxi football team is famous for its spiritual style home, said whether this is due to the impact of the world cup, song old did not deny: "the game is a living textbook we. When in Chinese football, Shaanxi football has been at a disadvantage, but we always make the dark horse of the miracle, can say the key is the team work style. The West German team was an example to us. "
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; 1958, Shaanxi football first real Shaanxi father in the sight of the exposed face. When the Afghanistan national football team from Xinjiang into the China access, to beat Xinjiang and Gansu football team, when the Afghan national team arrived in Xi'an, the leadership of the Shaanxi Province, was issued a "dead order can not let them win out of Tongguan", Song Xueren and the team a clench one's teeth, in the year old stadium played a pretty battle, with 2 than 0 defeated the Afghan team.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; retired into the Premier League Fans
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; during the cultural revolution, Song Xueren missed the two world cup. When he again contact the world cup, has arrived in 1974, when has a TV, and at the world cup in Argentina in 1978, song old via television videos of the game. After the world cup he a does not fall, must carefully study and taste. Watch so much of the world cup, so the song old for world football, he thinks, so far from the 1954 World Cup, the football technical complexity has not changed much, but the technology is very fast, that is to say passing rhythm accelerates and the tactical thought, great changes have taken place in the past, "Hungary the team played 334 formation, the Brazil team 424 formation, are the four strikers, and now usually set up two strikers, the more concentrated his forces in the midfield player of abdominal, physical ability and comprehensive ability of more demanding."
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; on weekdays, the song is always in the Premier League, Manchester United fans, Chelsea Giants game often let him be overwhelmed with admiration for, "and that is the real football." Although the song is always famous old China football worker, but he paid little attention to the domestic league, the reason is more and more low level.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; not long ago, an old friend of his year dimensional Si was invited to Xi'an, two old friends say most or Chinese football, "we really don't understand, why our football team is more and more far away from the world cup?" Reporter Tavia Yeung / text / diagram of Wang Peng