Luis Ramirez, the Honduras team's main striker, although he to be utterly ignorant of English, more cannot read Chinese, has long been the eyes read don't trust you. After training yesterday, Ramirez reluctantly said: "I don't know how to please third Shenhua foreign aid, but if his arrival can lead the team out of the predicament, then I will give him a warm welcome."
In recent games, Ramirez's performance is even more surprising, the only contribution is to give the Zheng Kewei assists, "smuggled goods" notoriety blots out the sky, which, he said: "the striker is not scoring, I pressure is also very big, I have confidence on their own strength, now need the team to work together, through the storm."
Before the League two, Ramirez performance let a person shine at the moment, had been high hopes, but he soon fell into a scoring drought. A physical test before team, old black body state display is the most tired, "China players too fast, so is the training and the competition, I have been trying to keep up with the game, so a began to feel tired, but now I gradually adapted to the."
Ramirez in the national team of Honduras served as the main striker, but to the Shenhua some The climate does not suit one., but he did not think the tactical hindering his play, now just a bit unlucky, "in the national team coach, I and cooperation for a long time, he is very clear in my role, I encountered some difficulties in Shenhua now, had also experienced in Honduras at the time, I believe that through their own efforts to overcome the difficulties." He said, "the coach and teammates, whether on or off the pitch, have been taking care of me, I am very grateful to them, now only to repay them with goals." In June, he will return to his wife and children to Shanghai, I hope the warmth of the family to let him re found self-confidence. Although many people do not trust the team, but he, also someone affirmed the old black performance, "the 3 goal, 4 assists, now which striker is better than him? A sub sub price goods, of course he can not be compared with the peak period of Martin." A team source said, "Shandong team to play, Zheng Kewei's foot waves in the world, is actually training repeatedly practice. Wu Jingui let Yao Lijun and Li Chengming force behind the top Ramirez, Ramirez carry back, then do the ball to Zheng Kewei, results in the game call out."
