Olympic battle Toulon cup has yet to set out, Wang Dalei and the Dutch giants PSV Eindhoven have Sir "gossip". It is understood, in the Toulon cup, PSV will send technical experts specialized, observe the performance of Wang Dalei. After hearing the news, the city club performance extremely keen. Recently, the club has the relationship will Wang Dalei three previous rounds of League of videotapes, and attach a letter of general manager Fu Peng wrote letters of recommendation sent to Holland.
As an assistant City General Manager Fu Peng previously worked at PSV Eindhoven, through this relationship, that PSV interested in Wang Dalei, the city quickly made contact with Holland. The club not only sent Wang Dalei the video of the match, Fu Peng is in a letter of recommendation that Wang Dalei is nearly thirty years with the most athletic players China football "". In the link exchange, the Dutch also surprised was the performance of Wang Dalei, "in the technical ability, they didn't think so, Wang Dalei young, there is such a mature performance in the occupation league." Fu Peng said.
In the recommended Wang Dalei, Lian Cheng also expressed the intention to cooperate with PSV: "Holland club training young players a mature system, and it is important to PSV Eindhoven interested in Asian markets, which increases the feasibility of our cooperation." According to preliminary ideas of both sides, the two clubs are likely to sign a cooperation agreement, the Shanghai United become PSV Eindhoven in Chinese satellite club, future and both sides share the great commercial interests brought by the training of players.
As the absolute main force of the team, the city strongly recommend the practice of Wang Dalei, caused many people puzzled. "This is our idea of training young players, Wang Dalei in the city to Europe, to see such a club environment, we believe that will attract more young players to the city to." Fu Peng explained, but before 2008, Wang Dalei to play the possibility is not large. "Think of into the top European clubs, it certainly is not realistic. Or from the club to start, step by step to success."