Recently, Xi'an City, the eighty-nine middle school teachers Hu Jianguo formally issued a special statement, said in a statement: Football Association vice president Xie Yalong a serious infringement of right of honor Hu Jianguo won the 100 meters the first achievement in 1973 in Shaanxi province high school track and field games. Hu Jianguo said that he was the 100 meters of the result is 11 seconds 4 (see "sports in Shaanxi province the seventy-third volume"), won the first prize. However, the domestic dozens of newspaper and its Web site about "Xie Yalong won the 100 meters champion in 1973 in Shaanxi province high school track and field games, the result is 11 seconds" reports. Hu Jianguo think this serious infringement of his right of reputation, honor and property rights, "based on the fact, I ask our media to my name, the restoration of the right of reputation. Also please Xie Yalong on the matter for clarification."
Hu Jianguo said he and Xie Yalong is very familiar with, once teammates together they represented Shaanxi participated in the National Games, "Xie Yalong and I have very good relations, then to participate in the game, on behalf of Xi'an, he represented Baoji, but later we are together to represent Shaanxi in the National Games, but also achieved good results."
"The last thing, why only now come forward to clarify?" In the face of questions from reporters, Hu Jianguo explained: "I had long looked for Xie Yalong, but has been unable to link. At the beginning of last year after he took office, many media have reported the news about 1973 he ran 11 seconds won the 100 meters champion in track and field sports of Shaanxi province middle school meeting, at that time I wrote a letter to Chinese Football Association Xie Yalong, the purpose is to hope that Xie Yalong can have this thing, in a suitable the time and place to clarify." But Hu Jianguo has expressed regret, do not know what reason, the letter then no news.
Hu Jianguo said that this year he again tried to contact Xie Yalong, but was disappointed, "in March this year in the opening ceremony held in Xi'an, at that time, I know that Xie Yalong is going to attend, so I arrived early stadium to look for him, but didn't see anybody".
"I now aim for no other, just hope Xie Yalong can give a statement." Hu Jianguo said, "I know, Xie Yalong could not say oneself ran 11 seconds won the championship, but he really said to reporter ran 11 seconds, a reporter asked how much is, Xie Yalong said no more than how many, perhaps some reporters to hype, so he put Xie Yalong's 100 meters said 11 seconds. This is not the truth, the truth is I am 100 meter champion, and Xie Yalong third." Said at the same time, Hu Jianguo also took out the "sports in Shaanxi province the seventy-third volume" and his medal to the reporter, sports history indeed recorded Hu Jianguo 100 meters title success, due to the above only the winner's name, so it is not the name of Xie Yalong.
Hu Jianguo said, he now is to want to let Xie Yalong give parlance, "otherwise, I as a teacher, always have students ask me not in 1973 the province's high school sports meeting had a record breaking, the champion? How to become Xie Yalong. I don't want people to call me a liar. "
(A Wen)