"Brain trust" whenever the children out of the country it was labeled "promising" label, when may have been torn down again while hot complaints about foreigner mistook gold when brass, don't fall into the identity, don't lose face.
In contrast, Shao's life is better than iron.
Some people assert that: China couples "the seven year itch" is increasingly shortened.
Everton and Li Tie marriage of four years, 1860 with Shao Jiayi hand three years -- add up to exactly seven years, the two clubs have actively or passively, to give up the Chinese players, also is the client of "the seven year itch increasingly shortened" elegance.
In nearly two and a half years Premiership Everton when spectators Li Tie, expects to "surrender" message, the former "Liuyang four little swan", today's "Zhu Jiajun untouchable", why then is stuck in "taffy" gradually cooling.
Always occupy each big website prominently Shao Jiayi, unexpectedly by the German media as "must leave", and the 1860 also seems to have this idea, because Shao Jiayi "for now Munich 1860 is too expensive" -- 500000 euros yearly salaries could not afford a regular manufacturing "surprise" player it seems that this Munich side, not only short-sighted, and cheap enough to.
In view of this, but Everton and 1860 short-sighted, two performance "excellent" players should be abandoned, good not justice.
Ma Dong in the "challenge host" is so "irritating": "you may have wronged, you may not, but you were out".
About Li Tie and Shao Jiayi, and even Hao Haidong, Dong Fangzhuo these in Europe's overseas player (tentatively referred to as the "Seagull") news, Chinese fans are basically by domestic media that message accuracy and impartiality how aside, a German media alone will "play" to Shao Jiayi on 4 points described as "middle grade" argument, can peep one spot. Germany's score was 5 points, the highest 1 points, and 4 points is also described as "middle grade", I do not know how the media peer math achievement.
According to media reports, the year of the "sea turtles" Yang Chen and Xie Hui are obviously leave at extremely brilliant period, because there is no love team returned to dim. Fortunately, the two have not become "kelp", only to find that the site for two early no interest.
Not to say that their children could not boast, but don't learn Guo Degang say duanzai attitude: "today I give everybody to boast of person, you are willing to listen to it is willing to listen to it or are willing to listen?" - Li Xiaolei
