This time, Wei Shengmei can finally and fellow men on an equal footing. Last week's Asian tour of South Korea SK Telecom open, as a guest player Wei Shengmei the previous two hits 139 pole, 5 below par performance successful promotion. Since 1945, the impact of the PGA Tour since Zacharias procurable, has never had a female players can pass through the success in the men's event. 61 years later, the 16 year old Wei Shengmei is finally done. Wei Shengmei coach David Leadbetter. Eighth impact of PGA 130 male players show the white feather, including Cui Jingzhou Wei Shengmei once seven challenge male players, including 4 field is the highest level of the PGA Tour victories, but failed in the end. In late November last year Casio world open, Wei Shengmei soon will make history, results of the second round of two holes after continuous bogey, eventually to a difference were eliminated. Now SK Telecom open though just an Asian tour, and opponents strength generally relatively weak, but played on the -5 results in a old man beside him, Wei Shengmei's strength is not langdexuming. Results list, ranked "million baby" is all of 130 people "FHM", including South Korea's top star Cui Jingzhou. The eight attempt and finally into Zhengguo, conference Wei Shengmei did not show too much excitement: "I have a bit of a cold, of course, much better now. My present condition is good, but the game is not over, now I will only focus on the game tomorrow, hope to be able to play better." Since the last Saturday heavy rain, was forced to cancel the event in the third round, which seems to have spent the fierce momentum of Wei Shengmei. In the final round of the last Sunday, beautiful girl played only 74 bar +2, the final ranking fell to a tie for thirty-fifth place. "I was a bit disappointed not to have played very well today, I think the most important thing is I have been in this game in the best." Small Wei said. Sex is a long-term topic authoritative media to defend Wei Shengmei, "approved" SK competition gold content died in Woods's father's clouded under, Wei Shengmei in today's high altar Guan to sex is one of the few bright spots. The global media in the first time reported this event, ESPN sports website is to be on the front page headlines. Of course, as with any previous reports about Wei Shengmei, the 10 million baby promotion success still caused a lot of controversy: some people think, SK Telecom open level even in the Asian tour also not fine, Xiao Wei's victory is full of bubbles. In this regard, "senior editor Sten Emberg Golf ForWomen" for the young beauty Ming played a grievance: "is not the level of match, but Wei Shengmei's competitive spirit guide her to create brilliant." The spirit of competition? The term applied on Wei Shengmei was quite right. And male player seven times the rivalry of the past not to mention, ended in the South Korea game, competitive small admiral Wei Ma edge re directed to PGA stage: "this promotion has benefited me a lot, hope one day to be able to in the PGA Tour, I also can get promotion, and strive to break the top 10." Wei, hello she is her own, but with all hope of millions of baby does not need to wait for a long time, the beginning of the 7 John Deere classic, Wei Shengmei will be the fifth time to the PGA Tour challenge. Here last year, she had difference in two bar lost the cut line. Even if the game missed, Pennsylvania classic in the two months later, people are still expected to see Wei Shengmei and PGA master the same arena figure. The latest world rankings, Wei Shengmei in second after Sorenstam ranking; but in the men's competition, "10 million baby" has reached the "tiger" of the elusive realm. "I have completed the first goal, then I must continue to try hard." 16 year old girl. - South Koreans said cyclone let Wei highway paralyzed everything is as if Providence has Korean ancestry, Wei Shengmei, will be in the motherland green create history. And she was triggered by the "Wei whirlwind", is more caused the people of Korea national crazy. In the second round is the promotion, when Wei Shengmei walked calmly on the sixteenth fairway, near a highway but there is confusion, in order to watch Wei Shengmei play, cars have slowed, or even simply stopped, a time of the whole highway into a state of paralysis. Corresponding with this, including Cui Jingzhou, the other group of players in the game, but was almost No one shows any interest in the potential -- 16 year old girl occupied all the limelight, not on the Asian tour is a blessing. Deserves to know their packaging star tomorrow, Wei Shengmei not only in the motherland, insist to use are not skilled Korean interview, also praising the Great Korean cuisine is how delicious, the more to enhance her in South Korea's high popularity -- on Wei Shengmei TV program first is multiplied, and just yesterday, a South Korea real estate also with small Wei signed a two-year $3000000 endorsement deal, a record amount of sponsorship of Korean history most. According to statistics, in turn after the occupation, only endorsement businesses a, Wei Shengmei's annual income is $12000000, and the count of each big men and women to participate in events of the revenues of approximately $15000000, small Wei "profit margin" even reached 70%, look at the whole world only 75% can be put on a par with the Microsoft Corp. Augusta - Americans say
