The Dalian Mar seven five tonight, Beijing Guoan on the road against Dalian shide. Guoan unbeaten home court, Shide intrepid, the collision is bound to very strong smell of gunpowder. But the Team Guoan in training yesterday still appears very relaxed, laughter like a group of elementary school students. Four pm yesterday, the national security team for one hour Adaptation Training Stadium in Jinzhou, the Team Guoan apart from set pieces and the balls of your feet, basically did not make offensive practice, obviously, the away game Combat Team Guoan defensive or to put in the first place. In the attack and defense drill, wear main vest players only 9 people, except the goalkeeper is the four guards and four midfielder, striker Milton and Gao Dawei is placed to the side of the bench. Shen Xiangfu's intention is to let the main defender defensive striker, stimulate their feel game. In the fight against Shen Xiangfu in the process the midfield players not pressure half, hope to use good defence to prevent the other side of the offensive, "I asked the players to keep formation in the game, but also between the vanguard and rearguard distance can not be too small." In the face of the enemy, but Shen Xiangfu in training showed little happy. "In life, what is not happy." He said. Shen Xiangfu in training I has two times to find Huang Bowen playing similar net type football game, Huang Bowen is always the last loser, Shen Xiangfu some happy and also some loss, then express volumes to Tao Wei said: "you a year without training will not have a sense of crisis." Implication is, the national security needs of young players to create pressure to become members of the old. - confidant Konese because of the wound for two weeks Milton is expected to start for the first time this newspaper Dalian special news yesterday afternoon, Beijing Guoan team training field on the lack of foreign aid Konese, reporter then to understand, because he is in the same Chongqing game in the thigh muscle injury and will be out for at least two weeks. Today's game, Milton is expected to first Beijing Guoan lineup. According to doctor introduction, Konese's injury will need at least two weeks of recovery time, it says he will miss the first half of the game security. "In fact, muscle is not what a serious illness, but the injury was the location of the thigh muscle, which is very much affected by the injury, after he not normal running and force, and in view of the current situation, he should rest for 15 days around the time to recover." In Konese because of the wound can not participate in the competition, Team Guoan originally weak attack again face a severe test, foreign aid Milton firmly occupied the main position. - know Shide shot red eye Piang Vecchi at noon today to Dalian, whether the game is still unknown newspaper Dalian Mar Guoan training, Dalian Shide also into the pre training in the Shide base. Because a defeat in Xi'an away big score, the field whose goal is to win the practice before the attack, is full of desire, shooting practice become the theme. In the training, Vladimir Petrovic arranged 11 playing 11 against 20 minutes, because yankovic is in Japan, the differences are not expected to international team main force player lineup with the war time. It is understood, Piang Vecchi attended the Bulgarian team friendly match in Japan, have only the fastest at noon today back to dalian. Lin Lefeng said, "a lost to Xi'an international team, Shide team under a lot of pressure, but the fair appraisal of the game, we still occupy a certain active, I believe that, after the two days after the adjustment, Shide team will play a very good state." There is no doubt, Shide needed a victory to ease the pressure from all sides. The topic of writing / newspaper special correspondent Zhang Lei Dalian
