In December 11, 2005, 1860 teams of 4 fans in the stadium outside beauty. Shao Jiayi at this time has become the team's pillar, is their love.
In January 20, 2003, Shao Jiayi set out from Beijing to Munich began to journey career, he plans to say goodbye to everyone in the capital airport.
In March 19, 2006, the second division twenty-sixth round, Munich 1860 away than 1 0 defeat of Paderborn. Shao Jiayi and team mate Gebhardt very happy on the sidelines. By the time he had team mate and quite get along well.
In April 21, 2006, the 1860 team 2 to 0 victory over Karlsruhe, Shao Jiayi scored a key goal. After the outstanding performance, he was "kicker" magazine cited as cover, can be said to be the peak reached the occupation career.
Report from our correspondent (reporter Zhang Lei) Munich 1860 team avoid relegation success, China player Shao Jiayi chose to leave. When playing on his desire to the Bundesliga in a year contract left, decided to leave the potency three years team, looking instead for a Bundesliga team, allegedly in the middle reaches of the Bundesliga team currently has two branches have olive branch extended to him.
For the domestic about its whereabouts of suspicion, who laughed at the German Shao Jiayi said: "a lot of reports I see, thank you to my care. From now on, 1860 mainly because of financial problems so cannot continue to cooperate with me, I now also in contact with other clubs." To return to the national security of the thing, Shao Jiayi said: "this problem at least temporarily not considered, two days before I and Luo Zong on the phone, he said he was very supportive of the development of my in europe. Of course, national security will always be my team. "
Another reason for Shao Jiayi's departure, is Munich's 1860 club has been unable to solve the funding problems, they still owed the national security of the loan fee.
The country peaceful club general manager Li Xiaoming said: "good to Munich 1860 has a year left on his contract, even if not signing also jointly with the country a good one to re negotiate and.
To treat this problem I think there are two points: one, that Shao Jiayi belongs to the club, if he wants to come back, what time we will be welcomed with open arms; two, if he is to continue in the European development aspirations, we will fully support, in this issue, we are sure to be as the player considering the future the best one in foreign countries, is the representative of the China football. "