The football association and local clubs like the tug of war for a supply of sth., Jia Xiuquan looking forward to the Olympic Legion finally hastily organized to battle Toulon cup, despite only 18 people are not rich, although the Olympic debutants than Jia Xiuquan's favorite tourism strong, but in the face of the cruel reality he can only choose silence.
The club and the Football Association of wits
To ensure that their league interest, almost every "production" Olympic players place to varying degrees of football club to resist conscription. Dalian Shide very reluctantly, Tianjin TEDA for compensation, and the distant foot, Jinde was even raised the anti anti flag...... Touch the foot nail senior football association was forced to put down the shelf and club negotiations.
Shenyang Jinde Liaozu with the two clubs were called up two players, but a reluctant to release Liu Jianye, a reluctant to put Yang Shanping, to seek common ground while reserving differences, the football association will only interests appeal do targeted "case", even made a League of major initiatives adjourned for a club, the it is rare in the past.
Jinde will hand over Liu Jianye, the football association has also given the club high-level enough face, three game over will be postponed and during the world cup, is to let the gold German Austrian player timely reinforcements team; as for the more eye-catching performance of Yang Shanping, the football association will also work with the Liao foot to reach a mutually acceptable agreement to exchange......
Olympic canzhen and transition Manager
There are 18 war but is not to have the perfect lineup, this is an insider in the eyes of the deformity canzhen. Most obviously, the right has become a weak link in the Olympic, after missing Hao Junmin, Beck, offensive firepower has been compromised. Cui Peng only a relatively reliable candidates left right midfield position, but compared with Hao Junmin, Cui Peng in the processing of the finishing are not decisive, so many missed a great opportunity.
The national teams at all levels most of the 442 formation, the national youth is no exception, in accordance with the deployment of the midfield diamond, the 18 list is actually only a midfielder for Zhou Haibin, while Dai Lin can be in this position for a guest performer, but used to on the right in his field organization cohesion ability still slightly obviously insufficient once, Zhou Haibin was injured in the game, Jia Xiuquan will be very difficult to find a replacement in the team.
This is the Young Marshal Jia Xiuquan can have all the Olympic family, but the future success of the Jia Shuai also be of little, because even if the title he is difficult to become the Olympic coach team, in the Toulon cup, there will be a mysterious Yang Shuai watch Olympic every act and every move, this talent is the real master of the olympic!
Newspaper reporter Zhang Song