In the new period national team 25 people list of training camp, Wang Xinxin's name appears finally. The so-called hard work pays off, the years of hard work finally paid off. Interview with reporters yesterday, Wang Xinxin very confidently told reporters: "I think I can get a firm foothold in the national team!"
Yesterday afternoon, the distant full club received a formal notice China Football Association, the club staff told the news to Wang Xinxin's time, he already knew, but confirmed later still very excited, "more than a year, I always want to through the efforts to return to the national team, and now finally realized. I feel very happy, this is a kind of affirmation of my ability. After Zhu (Guang Hu) direction has already called me, because he heard that I have been playing well lately, in the hope that the training and test me. This time, unlike last year, I especially confident, must be in the national team stand."
Wang Xinxin of the season in the distant foot has served as a trequartista, responsible for the organization of attack, although it is not a goal, but he instigated the Liaozu most threats of attack, attack has become the core of the distant foot. To this, Wang Xinxin is not deliberately modest, "this season is well prepared, there are not so many in Shenzhen Jianlibao troubles, training very system, physical reserves and other aspects are in place. From the beginning of the season, I feel like feel slightly in 2005, when the game is very exciting, the foot also has a kick."
Technical advantages of Wang Xinxin didn't say, but has been unable to avoid the body resistance ability of partial soft weakness, but this season his confrontation ability and tackling ability significantly enhanced, "when the national team did not stop, on the one hand is the injury, hand is also the condition is not good, when battling boring. Zhu's instruction could I stay soft. But things were different now. "
The national team in this period and the goal of training is to be held in Europe in order to prepare for the two warm-up match, Wang Xinxin believed he could get a ticket to Europe, "I think, the national team training camp for me is so important, I must seize this opportunity, to completely change the past for the national team a bad impression."
Newspaper reporter Liu Zhixiang
