Almost at the same day, "Li Tie over Everton" and "Shao Jiayi boarded Munich 1860 list" two messages at the same time came, for a time, the former two of the most successful big players Chinese returnees, seemed to have walked to the end of Liuyang career.
But if a careful analysis of the specific situation, and the duo Shao Li active club, we discover not hard, in fact the left on their two people, is to begin to have a better. Willing to be willing to give up, not appropriate, obtain better, this is the essence of.
Li Tieying thinking of job security the extremely new
Li Tie in the past two years, can not represent the Everton played any official match, also failed to represent China national team any international class a tournament, right leg disability be lingering in front of him long nightmare.
In order to fill the vacancies left by Li Tie, the Everton team not only specially bought a batch of new recruits, coach Moyers even changed the team's midfield tactical settings. Clearly, if Li Tiehui in the summer to achieve personal perfect comeback, but to get into the Everton team main force lineup, for him is indeed a thankless thing. With the ability to Li Tie, should be to need some other Premier League clubs, therefore, from this point of view, Li Tie left Everton is absolutely a good thing is conducive to the development of their own.
Li Tie said last night he when accepting our newspaper reporter to interview with the transoceanic telephone tone has been very relaxed,, good relationship between him and the club Everton laid a very good foundation for the next step in the development of their own. "Anyway, I now on the future of the optimism, must play in the Premier League next season." Li Tie said with a smile.
Shao Jiayi is about to ascend the high branches
Boarded the Munich Club 1860 season after cleaning list for Shao Jiayi, also not is what bad thing, but instead he other ascending branch Yucheng desire.
Before the start of this season, a number of clubs including some German club, found Shao Jiayi, hope to introduce this China strength send international. But in Munich 1860 feelings retain offensive, a good one to give one one chances to refuse. It is also in this season, the best line-up Shao Jiayi repeatedly into the "kicker" magazine, also was two times elected "a player of the week", these powerful data show that, one good enough in strength level make the bundesliga.
So, in this case 1860 team decided to put a good one to leave, in fact, is to help him a favor -- if 1860 then one good enough for a season, then the Bundesliga stadium inferior really could have his gold left to rust.
A good broker said, there have been 3 Bundesliga team intends to introduce better, both sides have now started to touch. "Now is the best one in the active selection of the new owner, instead of just waiting to pick or charity of others. Good, one must play the Bundesliga next season! " Better a broker apparently have very strong confidence.
Newspaper reporter Qiu Guodong
