Reporter Liu Zhixiang reported that the world cup is approaching, China national team also unwilling to remain out of the limelight, preparing for June and the French and Swiss European warm-up match. In a new country full list released yesterday, the distant foot there are as many as 5 people selected.
The much anticipated German World Cup will be officially kicked off in June 9th, but missed the festival Chinese team did not idle, according to the plan, Chinese national team in June 3rd and June 7th respectively, and Switzerland, France for a warm-up match.
Coach Zhu Guanghu also cherish this opportunity, through flight training to further define the national team squad. The national youth team has been upgraded to the National Olympic team, and will soon start the 08 Olympic preparation plan, so the national team could not have been the National Olympic team players drafted.
China Football Association have been identified, this month 14 days 17 days for the national team training flight training day, the place is in Shandong of Ji'nan. Chose in Ji'nan, Zhu Guanghu said is to avoid the players rush to consider, because the Ji'nan distance international focus, Dalian Shide, Shandong Luneng Liaoning team and Shanghai Shenhua near.
Shandong Luneng become international large family, a total of 6 people were selected, including the expiration of the ban Zheng Zhi, and former Liao soccer player Wang Liang and Li Jinyu. The Liaoning team after Shandong Luneng, a total of 5 people into the training name list, in addition to Zhao Junzhe, Zhang Yonghai's unshakable, and Xu Liang and goalkeeper Zhang Lu, and in 2005 was named the country foot but at that time because of the poor state and Wang Xinxin leave the impressively on the list.
The reason why Zhu Guanghu in the training recruited Wang Xinxin, Yuan Weiwei players, the purpose is to carry out further study on them, trying to find a more suitable candidate. "The national team or lack of organizational talents at the front waist this position, Wang Xinxin performed well in the last league!" A country full member of the coaching staff disclosed to reporters.
