&amp;nbsp; in the summer of 2002, China football for the first time to participate in the world cup, the Premier League Everton sent scouts to focusing on Li Tie Chinese team performance. Subsequently, Li Tie and Li Weifeng also came to the British, alongside. The brand in the meantime, Li Weifeng go home early, Li Tie because of injuries and other reasons has experienced over the past two seasons bench. AP in the summer of 2006, the club announced the lifting of Everton, Li Tie's work contract. At this point, Li Tie became a free agent, job. In the summer, China football missed the world cup in germany. Improving the four year cycle, now compared with four years ago, Li Tiecheng in order to hundred-percent outcast. However, from now to 2010 the four years, Chinese player Li Tie may slide out on a different path. AP AP [reduction] event in Olympic Li Tie three people together are abandoned in Olympic Beijing time on the night of May 8th, the English Premier League club Everton announced on its official website, relieving working relationship with Chinese player Li Tie. In this way, Li Tie has become the free player. At the same time be lifted the work relations and Scotland striker Duncan Ferguson, he and Li Tie's contract has expired. Improving the Everton FC coach Moyers officially confirmed, Duncan Ferguson and Li Tie Everton career has to come to an end. "We and Ferguson and Li Tie had lifted the working relationship, in addition, we also decided not to continue leasing, Italy defender Ferrari." In fact, in the middle of the season, Moyers had said, Li Tie not in the squad for the opportunity, suggested that he considered in the season to move to the other team development.
Although Li Tie is "run not to die" nickname, but in losing his job, his shoulder is still somewhat weak. CFP / photograph [interpretation] Xu Hongtao: which was abandoned between the normal flow of the brand in the player Li Tie and Everton's contract expires "abandoned", this is not small echo is caused in the domestic, but in its agent view, however, is the football transfer market again the normal player movement. The brand "don't say in the Premier League, in the whole of Europe, even in the domestic league, (not to renew expiring contract) is a very common phenomenon, it should be said that this is a process of two-way choice between a player and the club." Li Tie's agent, said Xu Hongtao. But in football agent inside the circle, are on this matter to look pretty light, "in fact, as the company staff working in the same, after the expiration of the contract, once the company say there is no need for the clerk, no contract that is not normal?" A domestic football broker told reporters. Improving the strength of Li Tie whether to adapt to the Premier League, which did not say, even Vieri, Fei Ge such a super major suit also have no contract expiring contract situation, therefore, Li Tie and Everton do this, no deeper meaning. AP AP [future] AP Xu Hongtao Li Tie: future England which was still left four years of service to the Everton club, Li Tie tomorrow where? On this issue, one hand operation Li Tie to join a Premier League Manager Xu Hongtao said yesterday, the future of Li Tie should also be in england. The brand now, Li Tie about what to do next, most of the discussion is expected to join the Premiership just rushed to Sheffield United, and between the most powerful explanation of this claim is the agent of Li Tie Xu Hongtao and Sheffield Club close cooperation. To address this issue, Xu Hongtao said yesterday: "these are not sure, need to go to the next step the concrete operation, but with Li Tie strength now, he should be the next season will play in the English league, we will also be in the summer to help him find the right English Premier League or the League one club." The relationship between the brand and Xu Hongtao Sheffield club Real non general, but after all, Sheffield club just rushed to the Premier League, the team needs to have the real strength of the players in the Premier League, the Premiership and the transfer market, high quality and inexpensive players are not uncommon. However, taking into account the Sheffield club has started to expand their Chinese football market plan, it is not impossible to borrow Li Tielai campaign. AP AP Liaozu: high wages blocked Li Tie regression of the brand although not long ago had once Li Tie leave the Premier League will return to the distant foot talk, but reporters yesterday from the distant foot internal understands, the possibility of Li Tie regression Liaozu is almost zero, the simplest reason is: the distant foot simply can't afford to keep Li Tie. Improving the Liaozu executive director Zhang Shuguang said: "the original Li Tie transfer, he and Liaozu is really only 'fame' or from Liaozu this relationship, now become the free player, his future road of natural selection by his own final say." Improving the Liaozu a vice chief told reporters: "we can not afford to raise him." Indeed, the current highest Liaozu players but also the annual salary is 1000000 yuan Zhao Junzhe, can hardly protect themselves Liaozu is also impossible to offer Li Tie a can let him accept the salary. Improving the writing daily reporter Guo Liang
Win the Asian Derby: September 28, 2002, Everton 2 than 0 beat Fulham midfielder Inamoto Junichi, Li Tie freeze each other in Japan, Asia's first battle win victory back. AP AP [other] not proud player which was abroad in improving the Jihai Sun players currently playing overseas Chinese players, Jihai Sun is undoubtedly one of the greatest achievements, which is in May 3rd day, Jihai Sun has just signed a new contract with the club for two years,
