Yesterday in Beijing public training for iron army discipline
Yesterday morning, Chinese women held public training in Beijing, dozens of journalists to interview, administration of compound of the basketball hall as usual, become lively a lot. After the training, the basket tube center also announced the appointment of China women's basketball team, air force major general Liu Xiaolian served as honorary leader, tries to be the women's basketball into the "Iron Army invincible".
Major general manager ought to mental model
Yesterday morning, more than an hour to open training, women's basketball players are a group of three people, practicing defensive attack go and cut off the route, Australian coach Tom Maher still as in the past to strictly, found the problem immediately son stopped, asked the players to correct mistakes in time. Then the women's basketball girls and four in one group against the group, the focus of training is to let be flanked player timely ball outside to inside players, the tie breaking attack. The end of the training was conducted five to five against, some of the players there on the coach's tactics, understand enough situation.
In the training, women's basketball team is significantly more than in the past many aggressive. It is understood, before going to the European tour, the team's style has been greatly improved. In order to China basketball shape into disciplined, tenacious style "Iron Army", the basket tube center specially invited vice president, Institute of command and air force the first incumbent super female pilot, major general Liu Xiaolian served as honorary China women's basketball team leader, the women's basketball team is affectionately known as the "Liu mother" in honor of the leader also attended the training. "China basketball selection I mainly see special experience and my identity, I hope I can put the military's indomitable spirit brought in, to help women's basketball become a thinking style, invincible team."
Active attrition Maher Shishuwunai
Yesterday, the training ground and no Chen Miao and Shao Tingting figure, the original two people have as Chinese basketball training since the first layoffs object left the team. Coach Maher admits, this is a difficult decision, "Chen Miao is very competitive, Shao Tingting is also very hard, they are all good players, but we can't always keep 16 players (not including Yerry and Sui Feifei), always from the list down to 14 man roster, and then continue to cut into the the list of 12 people, now is a time of attrition." He further explained, "this is a natural attrition time, then we should immediately call the FIBA women's Basketball League, relatively speaking, 14 people better management, but also more conducive to training, can ensure that even if the re emergence of one to two injuries, can also have enough players for training. Before making decision, we will find some of the players were discussed, the final decision is two of them."
Maher also summarized the recent training, "in conjunction with each other, the players have an inkling, to understand what I mean, body resistance ability but also improve the. In addition, the injury team better, Ren Lei et al have made a good recovery, I also received the Sui Feifei this morning (in American injured) e-mail, she said his recovery was good, but her injuries before and after the recovery needs four or five months time, I told her Qiuxia, don't worry." As for the other one "wounded", the girlfriend of Yao Ming Yerry, Maher cautious, he said is not clear when Yerry can return from injury.
Kang Xuesong of morning paper reporter
