This season, last year's super dark horse Wuhan team will own poor record, blamed on the new foreign aid Giauque J state in the doldrums, resulting in insufficient firepower up front. In desperation, coach Pei Encai proposed replacing the jiox requirements to the club. After the video inspection, Pei Encai has a crush on Fabiano to replace Giauque J.
Urgently looking for smuggled goods substitute foreign aid
Giauque J and Fabiano are brokers Ponbel's players, so the evaluation of the two Brazil striker Ponbel is strong or weak, perhaps better than anyone else the right to speak. Ponbel expresses when accepting a reporter to interview, jiox and Fabiano are their own players, they are very good, but, the characteristics of Fabiano may have more impact some.
Before the start of the new season, due to Vicente for some reason to leave, Pangbeier sent several foreign aid center videos for the Wuhan team, Pei Encai served in the Spanish royal phase of Bettis and many other clubs from the jiox. But jiox life despite his fame, but it seems that the hero difficult Nai years thick, over the age of 30 he, League hit now but always failed to "open and". Jiox not long-term goals, but also makes the Wuhan team was forced to start to replace the foreign aid program.
First trial with rain of chaos
Last Friday, Wuhan team arranged a teaching game for Fabiano, although the heavy rain affected the play of Fabiano, but he still uses few opportunities to achieve a goal. The two sides are respectively for the Wuhan team bench and club U19 team, including Fabiano in the lineup as a lone striker. Before the start of the game, Pei Encai specially replacement players as much as he passes the ball to Fabiano, in order to better study. Unfortunately, Wuhan suddenly a heavy rain completely upset the study plan. As the site is wet and slippery, unfamiliar with the Wuhan team lineup has not been as Fabiano ball, eager to show Fabiano is often in the offside position. An hour of the game, Fabiano only to find 3 shots, including a free kick to put the anti-aircraft gun, but he uses a counter offside goal, he also assists teammates scored a point. Despite Fabiano's head is not high, the ability is not bad but he Zhengding header. "The ability to the foreigner snatches the first point is good, just do not know who he deal with domestic high level back what it would be like." Wuhan team coach Pei Encai evaluation of such to. As for Fabiano's shortcomings in where, Pei Encai think it won't dribble.
The two exploration only shot tripod
After the Wuhan team, and arranged for Fabiano to a game against both study, is still the Wuhan team lineup and club team U19. Pei Encai first to put Fabiano on the U19 team's attack, the impact strength of a stronger bench after the defense team. But as the U19 team difficult to organize an offensive, Fabiano almost didn't get the ball. Then Lao Pei be redeployed to the bench, and asked the players to try to get the ball to Fabiano. But Fabiano still did not find the feeling, the game he won a total of 3 shots, including a good single chance, but his shot is not in the doorframe scope. Teaching after the end of the game, Pei Encai and Wuhan club decided to give up into his. This version written by journalist Ma Hongwen
