Morning paper dispatch (reporter Yao Guofan Yu Zhikai) Chinese Olympic team was coming out to the Toulon cup, so Chinese Football Association last night will have the list of 18 National People's Congress by fax to all the super club.
The National Olympic team soon after the establishment of the four nation tournament once in, but the result is not ideal. This will be playing in the Toulon cup, the football association is to the own eyes the heaviest tournament players club from all to all the elite. But after the Football Association announced the transfer order, the larger the affected Liaozu and Jinde because players and football association are calling for a supply of sth..
The distant foot: just put the Dai Lin not to put Yang Shanping
In China FA posting, Dai Lin and Yang Shanping among the distant foot, but due to the recent much Liaozu the sick, after consultation, distant already reply Chinese FA: put Dai Lin, put Yang Shanping!
At present, the wounded Zang Haili, Yu Hanchao more distant, absolutely all the main injured and can't play in the league, the more important thing is the team at present achievement is not very ideal, if Yang Shanping and Dai Lin had been stripped away, will miss at least the League for more than half a month.
The distant full Club fears the team's performance would therefore appear bigger landslide, so yesterday as it always in and the coaching staff consultation, eventually, to respect the coaching advice, to Chinese Liaozu Club Football Association answer: given the team's current difficulties, the distant foot can only let Dai Lin leave, Yang Shanping.
This decision and the Football Association of Liaozu attitude on the contrary, in Yang Shanping and Dai Lin two people, evaluation of the Yang Shanping Chinese FA is higher, that the latter's defense capability is very strong.
Chinese Football Association to two, the distant foot only on a fear of the outside do not match, the distant full Club whether makes Chinese FA later will give the distant foot "sb"? "I don't think so, do not want to let people more than our family, besides our team did very difficult at the moment, the other teams are frantically grab points, we also need to score first, avoid relegation to complete the task! Before China Football Association drafted players, we have the spirit of the principle of the supremacy of the national team with strong interest, but now the team's interests is indeed the first!" Last night, said Liaozu club official when accepting a reporter to interview.
Kim: ensure the League postponed put man
In the face of Olympic preparations for the Toulon cup call up, Jinde has decided to put the Chen Tao team, but due to the relegation of all the way, whether to put another key players Liu Jianye, Kim opened the conditions: "only the football association to ensure the Jinde three rounds the League must delay, the Club agreed to let person."
And in the end the football association and clubs will be coordinated, in order to let Kim smooth release Chen Tao, Liu Jianye, the football association decided to temporarily the team Jinde next against Shenzhen, Qingdao and United match postponed.
But it recently suddenly changed, Shanghai united and Shenzhen Jianlibao club said not willing to postpone the league, but I hope the Jinde is able to schedule the game, in the absence of the two was the main force of the circumstances, the Jinde obviously can not agree with this kind of situation occurs, then call the Football Association, "if you can not ensure round league postponed, will only put Chen Tao to participate in the Toulon cup, Liu Jianye left to prepare for the league." In this regard, the Jinde club an unnamed senior accepts when the interview said reluctantly.
Hao Junmin, Zhang Wenzhao, Yu Hanchao, Yu Hai and other four players could not compete, the Olympic team was the strongest side in several desire to paralysis, so as the original national youth team Liu Jianye is an indispensable power, this is mainly he is one may serve as avant-garde, defender, midfielder's Almighty king.
It is out of consideration for the above reasons, the football association to attach great importance to the recruitment of Liu Jianye, yesterday afternoon football club to Jin De sent a fax, clear, the League delayed things China Football Association will actively mediating, ensure that can make the Jinde satisfaction.
According to reporters last night received a message, Jinde League postponed except the need to determine the delay date, have no too many obstacles, so Liu Jianye to participate in the Toulon cup of basic line.
The Football Association announced the list of 18 National People's congress:
Liaoning: Yang Shanping, Dai Lin
Shenyang Jinde: Liu Jianye, Chen Tao
Shanghai City: Wang Dalei, Wang Lin
Tianjin TEDA: Yang Qipeng
Yanbian: Zhao Ming
Beijing Guoan: Huang Bowen
Shandong Luneng: Zhou Haibin, Cui Peng, Wang Yongpo
Dalian Shide: Zhu Ting, Liu Yu
Shanghai Shenhua: Shen Longyuan, Mao Jianqing, Gao Lin
Qingdao energy: Tan Wangsong
