The Sohu sports news: Beijing time on May 10th morning, the total prize money of up to $140000 WTA grade four events - Prague open to start the second day of competition. Race No. 7 seed, China girl Peng Shuai two straight sets easily defeated America contestant Martek, won the first victory of the season the match individual laterite. Because the competition before the No. two seed to be eliminated, so a lot of people waiting for Peng Shuai to get good grades in the Prague open.
Other golden Chinese all join in the WTA tournament level German open in Berlin, but Peng Shuai to Prague entry. The purpose is very clear, that is the Chinese girl look forward to build confidence in the year before the French open. In the first match of the day's doubles combination of accident, Peng Shuai and beauty Kamelin of Italy is composed of the lost; but doubles out, more conducive to Peng Shuai for the singles match. The first round, Peng Shuai's opponent is the general strength of the USA player Martek. The first four games, two players to keep their own serve a 2-2 flat. The beginning of the fifth set, Peng Shuai began to erupt, she continuously break success to win the first set 6-2 game.
The first victory undoubtedly strengthened Peng Shuai's confidence. The second set after the match began, Peng Shuai make persistent efforts to put pressure on Martek. On the contrary, USA players consecutive non compressive failure, Peng Shuai by 6-3 to win the two set match. So the total score 2-0, Peng Shuai advance to the second round. Peng Shuai in the second round opponent will be the Czech qualifier Paz TICO Va, the latter in today's game 2-0 to eliminate Belarus's Alan Xhaka, a specific score two disk for the 6-2 and 7-5.
Race No. 2 seed, Czech star Safa Lo Va three hard disk, lost 1-2 to Slovakia's Rai Barry Kurkovva. The first disc, the two players fought a fierce battle has been fought to rob seven. Rob Safa Lo Va, but lost in seven sets. But in the game in the second set, race No. 2 seed retrieve some state to 6-4, the total score for a 1-1 flat. The rubber game, 6-4 takes to Rai Barry Kurkovva sends the strength suddenly. Thus, Safar reward but lost the No. two seed, before this competition both out.
Race No. 4 seed, France's Rohit two straight sets win over Poland young fellow Ladd Vaughan Oscar A-, specific score two disk for 6-2 and 6-4. Race No. 5 seed, Australia's Stosur in two easy 6-2 victory over South Africa's Grandin. In a first round of the women's doubles competition, 30 years to return to Prague "King Kong" Navratilova and Stella Kurkovva partner, they 2-0 to beat a pair of transnational combines advanced to the second round, two disc specific scores for 6-2 and 6-3. (Sohu sports: summer)