The Sohu sports news: Beijing time on May 10th morning, the total prize money of up to $2450000 ATP Masters Series fourth station Rome master the match began the second day of competition. Race No. 5 seed, American handsome Roddick very easily beat Romania's Hannes Cu, have won the European clay court tournament first victory. Russian superstar Safin, and Argentina's Nalbandian after three to struggle hard to eliminate a rival, advance to the second round.
Roddick state looks good, facing the general strength of the Romania player Hannes Cu, USA guy played his level. In the game, Hannes Cu has no menace of Roddick. The race No. 5 seed continuously after the break to win the first set 6-1. The second game, Roddick make persistent efforts to send Hannes Cu a "duck's egg". The game, Roddick a round of score rate has reached 100%. The total score of Americans is 59 points, while Hannes Cu only 29 minutes. "I am satisfied with their performance," Roddick said after the match. Next, the Roddick match will be Cyprus's baghdatis. Two people once at the beginning of the Australian competition had confrontation, when Cyprus beard victory.
Race No. 4 seed, Nalbandian of Argentina's first round opponent is Spain's Vincent. From the analysis of strength, Nalbandian occupy obvious advantage. The good state of the Argentine in the first set of good performance, easy to take 6-2. But the second game, Vincent displays well bottom line in the vicinity of 6-4, with the total score for a 1-1 flat. The third set the deciding game, scored by Nalbandian 6-3. In this way, Argentina's by the total score 2-1 victory. After the game, Nalbandian Staw Yan: "the victory happy. But I today in the race did not fully play."
The Russian Tsar Safin's compatriot Ghabbash Willy in the first round opponent. Although in the strength higher than the opponent, but the game process not to imagine easily. The first game, Safin successfully broke at a critical time, by 7-5 takes. The second game, Ghabbash Willy suddenly broke out, resulting in Safin consecutive non compressive failure. The overall score into a 1-1 6-3, Ghabbash Willy Ping. The rubber game, Safin retrieves the 6-1 takes to state. The game a total of 2 hours and 30 minutes. After the game, Safin said: "the game was very tough, but I made a victory. I hope I can have a wonderful performance in the next round. "
Eye injury recovery of the 2002 Australian Open champion Thomas Johannsen two straight sets victory over the Italy qualifier Fogler Jhnny score two disc, specific for 7-6 and 6-3. This is Thomas Johannsen since February after the first victory of Rotterdam open. Finland's Nieminen 6-1 to 6-2 and beyond all expectations of easily defeated France veteran grosjean. (Sohu sports: summer)
