The Sohu sports news: Beijing time on May 10th morning, the total prize money of up to $2450000 ATP Masters Series fourth station Rome master the match began the second day of competition. Race No. 2 seed, Spanish teenager Nadal after three to struggle hard, by 2-1 defeats compatriot Moya, personal laterite winning streak to 48 games. And Argentina's Gaudio, Coria, and Spanish clay master Ferre Rozin disappointing performance, were missed out of the second round.
This is the first time for Nadal to participate in after his victory in Barcelona. Before the game, Moya publicly expressed their confidence to defeat Nadal. In the game, Moya has made no small trouble for Nadal, but the Spanish teenager got the last laugh. The first set, Nadal two times to break more easily to win 6-1. But the second set, Moya to adjust the state to 6-2, the total score for a 1-1 flat. The third set off to make persistent efforts, take 6-2 Nadal. The game a total of 1 hours and 54 minutes. Nadal hard to rely on performance on the court, and Moya the final set of physical strength overdraft victory. "I am very satisfied with his performance, Moya was very familiar to me, so this is not an easy game," Nadal said after the game.
Race No. 9 seed, Argentina's Guillermo Coria recent state go, the last Rome master the Messiah in the old state seems to have been unable to find. The first round matches, Coria Spaniard Ramirez. I at the beginning of the game to break the success, but the fact that it's just flower briefly as the broad-leaved epiphyllum. After the game, Ramirez continuously break to win the first set 6-3. The second game, Ramirez 6-2 scored to make persistent efforts. All the 0-2, Guillermo Coria were eliminated. The whole game, Coria sent out 10 double faults. Coria following the Monte Carlo Masters, two consecutive tournament in the first round was eliminated.
Race No. 8 seed, Argentina's Gaudio is a Belgian guy Xavier Malisse in the first round opponent. From the overall strength, Gaudio occupies certain superiority. The first game, Argentina will play a normal level, by 6-4 takes. But the second set after the match began, Malisse strengthened backhand attack, this let Gaudio fall into a passive. 6-3 to win the two set, Marise will total up the score into a 1-1 flat. The third set of 6-3 decided to make persistent efforts, with Marise. In this way, Marise by the total score 2-1 eliminated Gaudio advance to the second round. The game a total of 2 hours and 10 minutes. Gaudi Ortan Yan said after the game: "I feel sorry for your own performance."
Former world number one Ferraro beyond all expectations of the Spanish laterite master lost the French player Ma Xiu in the first round, two disc specific scores for 1-6 and 3-6. In the game, Ferraro failed to perform up to his standard, lose regrettable. Asia's top star, Thailand's Srichaphan 1-6 and lost 3-6 to Czech wonderkid berdych. British veteran Henman two straight sets victory over the Italians Dimma Ohno score two disc, specific for 7-5 and 7-6.
Race No. 6 seed, Russian great soldier Davydenko two straight sets victory over Serbia and Montenegro player Prashant J Ki, two disc specific scores for 6-1 and 6-4. This year's Australian Open finalist Marcos Baghdatis beat Belgium little Austrian - Rochester on 7-5 and 6-4. Race No. 14 seed, Slovakia's Stepan Neck in two easy 6-4 victory over Lopez. (Sohu sports: summer)
