The newspaper in Chengdu reporter Miao red reports
Has just been Everton lift the work contract Li Tie has infinitely close to the Premiership new Sheffield United, this is Li Tie's agent, current Chengdu Blades club chairman Xu Hongtao told this reporter last night. Xu Hongtao said, although Li Tie move to Sheffield United some of the details are still being hashed out, there is no a detailed timetable, but he believes that the last time Li Tie joined Sheffield United will not exceed 7 month.
Li Tie in the World Cup four years ago after the landing the Premiership Everton, at that time as a mobile phone brand accessories Li Tie to be in the team for four years is really a miracle, especially after a brief surprise after wound, Li Tie has been plagued with injuries, Everton manager Moyers has completely lost patience, Everton and Li Tie the contract is expected. Because of this, Li Tie has been seeking to move to other clubs, while the Premier League new boys Sheffield is Li Tie's first choice, is the only reason decisive Li Tie signing agent Xu Hongtao and the England Sheffield has a very friendly relations, and now as the Sheffield United club by holding the Chengdu Xie Lian chairman.
Last night Xu Hongtao in an interview with our reporter said, Li Tie is now very standard international player, after the Everton surrender, he and seventy or eighty per cent of the Premier League players, are free, so his again the transfer does not exist any obstacles, various conditions are only the receiver out of the. The Xie Lian before this season, Li Tie has actually touched the bottom, at that time Li Tie in Everton's bench to sit very deep, but the contract, be very careful in reckoning the Sheffield United Board will they Li Tie's desire to remain in this year.
Xu Hongtao said the negotiations between Li Tie and Xie Lian is very smooth, the program has entered the details carefully, and about Li Tie joined Sheffield United after the salary problem, the two sides also reached a consensus, although Xu Hongtao said that because of the specific number of guild regulations not announced Li Tie salary amount, but it can be said Li Tie to join the newly promoted form in the Premier League has no suspense. Still can not say specifically what time to Li Tie in Sheffield United's official signing, "however, the latest not more than 7 month." Xu Hongtao said, "that is to say, the latest in Germany after the world cup, Li Tie officially joined the Premier League sheffield."
China players work permit problems in the UK have stopped Qu Bo, Zhang Yuning arrived in the Premier League, there are media reports Li Tie this two years both in Chinese Everton still in the national team did not play what game, it will affect the permit application. But Xu Hongtao said that Li Tie did not have this problem, "he has been officially registered players in the League." Xu Hongtao said, during the world cup will certainly have a scout to Sheffield United to recommend new players, "this will not affect the signing of Li Tie and Sheffield United," Xu Hongtao said, "Li Tie now is infinitely close to Sheffield united."