The Sohu sports news: Beijing time on May 10th morning, the total prize money of up to $1340000 WTA tournament level -- the German open began the second day of competition. Former world number one Swiss Princess Hingis two straight sets victory over Italy women Meng Pennetta, reported the early loses for the opponent. At the same time, the Russian beauty Jankovic of Serbia and Montenegro Leigh Hoff Ceva, and bad luck, lost the opponents were eliminated.
Hingis is no stranger to wear the tower, they were at the beginning of this year, the Gold Coast game had the confrontation, then wears the tower to victory, while Hingis suffered the first defeat to the tennis courts. The German open, the first European clay court tournament Hingis participated in this year, because this is the French before an important station, so the Swiss princess for the game very seriously. The first game after the start, Hingis displays well, she at the crucial moment to break the success to win 7-5. The second game, Hingis make persistent efforts, to win 6-3. So the total score 2-0, advance to the second round Hingis more relaxed.
The game a total of 76 minutes, Hingis in all aspects of performance are good, she have 6 times to break in the game, while Pennetta is 4. The total score, the Hingis 76 points is much higher than the 59 wears the tower. "The first set when I to take a 4-1 lead, wears the tower is putting a lot of pressure to me. But first I won, this is for my final victory laid the cornerstone. At the beginning of this year I lost to Pennetta, because I was too nervous. I change the strategy today, so the victory."
It is worth noting Hingis the venue called "Graf centre court". Regarding this Hingis said: "I am very glad to come back to this seat is named after the name of the stadium Graf, I am very glad to be here to revenge." Hingis in the second round opponent will be Germany's Shuwufu. When talking about the next opponent, Hingis said: "I have no and she tried, but I know she is not a good deal."
Race No. 9 seed, Russian great soldier Leigh Hoff Ceva poor performance, 0-2 defeat of Spain's Ody, missed the second round. Two sets of specific scores for 4-6 and 3-6. Serbia and Montenegro beauty Jankovic three hard disk, 6-1, 3-6 and 2-6 were in Slovenia's Sly Bouhnik reversal. Czech's Cu Carlo Va to two defeated Greece 7-5 fierce female Eleni daniilidou. Germany's Shuuf beat Finland contestant Ryan by 6-1 and 6-4.
Race No. 16 seed, Spain's Gary Quis two straight sets victory over qualifier Panova score two disc, specific for 6-1 and 6-2. Germany's Muller three hard disk, to reverse 2-1 victory over American Clay Biss, the score three specific disk as 1-6, 6-2 and 6-2. Columbia Castano defeated Germany contestant Keller Georgi by 2-6, 6-1 and 6-1. Arni of Estonia by 6-7, 6-2 and 6-0 victory over Argentina's Suarez. (Sohu sports: summer)
