The Sohu sports news: Beijing time on May 10th morning, the total prize money of up to $1340000 WTA tournament level -- the German open began the second day of competition. In a high-profile women's singles match, Chinese girl Li Na to a Xiandiu 1-6, but then the race No. 12 seed, Serbia and Montenegro beauty Ivanovic because of a leg injury forced to pull out of the game, so Li Na advanced to the second round. And in a doubles game, race No. 7 seed Li Ting / Sun Tiantian helpless out.
Li Na in last weekend's ace Montreal Finals because right leg cramps had to withdraw from the race, for second consecutive years was the runner up. Although some pain, but the Chinese girl still decided to take part in the German open. The first round of competition, Li Na's opponent is the race No. 12 seed, Serbia and Montenegro beauty Ivanovic. There is a big gap between the two players on the strength of two times in the first set, Ivanovic breaks successfully, easier to win the first set 6-1 game.
But it is interesting in the first set in the sixth game of competition, Ivanovic left leg due to injury once had a medical timeout request. After treatment for about five minutes, Ivanovic to play. After winning the first game, Ivanovic feel left leg injury worse. In order to be able to participate in this year's French Open tennis tournament to health and the best condition, so Ivanovic decided to withdraw from the race. So, Li Na marched into the second round. According to the schedule, Li Na will take on the general strength of Italy's Vieri in the second round. If we can win, so Li Na in the third round is likely to face race No. 7 seed, Germany's Groen Field.
China women's recent performance is very good, Zheng Jie and Li Na over the weekend top ace Montreal finals in the years WTA32, this is the first time in the history appearance. At the beginning of the week the German open, Zheng Jie and Li Na are both in the first round of clearance. But at the same time, Chinese doubles performance began to slump up. In a first round of the women's doubles competition, race No. 7 seed, Li Ting / Sun Tiantian failed to last weekend's ace in Trier match good luck.
The first face the combination of Du Sh Veena and Voss Cobo Ieva, the Athens Olympic Games gold medal on the 0-2 fiasco out. The first game, Li Ting / Sun Tiantian, but at the crucial moment can not bite the score to 5-7 lost the first set. The first unfavorable situation of the Li Ting / Sun Tiantian is a blow, they defeat to 0-6 in the second set. The total score 0-2, Du Sh Veena / Voss Cobo Ieva easily qualified for the next round. (Sohu sports: summer)