Newspaper reporter Du Min
Last night, the former Shenhua star Martinez secretly flew to Shanghai. His trip is likely to be seen as Shenhua foreign aid to third identity with the old boss again, however the Shenhua on this matter is very low-key, showing unintentionally take Martin signs.
Martinez is at the beginning of this year by the Shenhua club sold to Japan's J League club Omiya Ardija, Shenhua has therefore received a $400000 transfer fee. However, the performance of Martin failed to achieve the expected Japanese club, Martin as the number 10 striker has failed to score a goal, has lost the main force position. At the end of 4, the two sides through consultations, Martin and Omiya Ardija to lift the contract relationship, Martin once again became the free player.
At the same time, the Shenhua team in the League to start has always been a striker scoring problems, to join the new foreign aid Ramirez and Juvan Aganovich have a lot of questions, a lot of Shenhua fans are very miss Martinez's lightning goal. Recently, the Shenhua club has decided to introduce third foreign aid, the outside world have favored Martin once again return to the Shenhua team, even many Shenhua team also think the soon to be teammate and Martin again, we all look forward to Martin again help Shenhua to find the feeling of victory.
However, the Shenhua club are showing signs of Martin is not cold. Last night, Martin flew from Japan to Shanghai Shenhua team, said: "we've heard the news of his return to Shanghai, but he was not invited back Shenhua, is purely his personal behavior."
The reason for "Shenhua Martin regression" very cautious, mainly taking into account the third foreign aid quota is quite valuable, coach Wu Jingui really interested to import or a high level of the midfield player, rather than as a striker. At the same time, Shenhua to Martinez state also have no grasp. "We want a good we really lack of what type, position player, if the problem is in Shenhua midfielder or striker, in a word, this introduction must be very careful." That person said.
All the signs indicate that the Shenhua has contacted more than in the European football midfielder will be arrived in Shenhua trial. Wu Jingui tendency is the introduction of a "Lampard" Qianyao players, to the greatest extent to meet the Shenhua team tactical needs.
It is understood, Martin himself is mainly about the life in Japan is not used, or miss a good time in Shanghai. He was certainly want to return to the Shenhua Shenhua unintentionally, but once the shelter, so he is also possible through brokers to find other clubs in china. At present, Martin in the Chinese agent is abroad, he returned to the Shenhua to Martin does not have much hope.