Deep enough to give up Daniel looked at Martinez?
Li Jinsheng: so many evil things
Report from our correspondent the deep foot will give up Daniel, at the city would be his last chance...... But reports on the deep foot foreign aid Daniel situation 9 days some media, but the deep foot club vice total and general manager Lee j s denied: "Daniel's departure is not impossible, but it hasn't been discussed, at least one thing is for sure, tomorrow night's game is definitely not his last field."
Yesterday, a web site lists the super 6 "smuggled goods" foreign aid and for their rating, Daniel to "five star" ranks first. The Xiamen game Daniel wasted countless opportunities, Shenzhen team drew a fully able to win the game. After the game Wang Baoshan in the lobby of the hotel took Daniel and had a brief conversation, two people look fairly flat and communicate, but Wang Baoshan later told reporters he was pressing on a stomach fire, because a striker if not to score a goal is what is not.
Li Yi was a supporter of Daniel, but with Daniel in the race to go it alone and often ignore and partner, Li Yi finally unbearable, after Xiamen to have Li Yi Daniel, the Qingdao games two people were actually public spat.
All the signs indicate that, Daniel has begun to gradually lost the trust of coach and teammates. However, the deep foot there is no solution to the issues to be discussed, and the "deep enough to have taken a fancy to just and the Japanese J League club Omiya Ardija team canceling former Shenhua foreign aid Martinez", "the club decided to recommend to the board the dismissal of Daniel" and other rumors, Li Jinsheng last night when accepting a reporter to interview with "how now so many evil things" denied, he also denied that Daniel was not now not dismiss concerns outside said "liquidated damages" problem, but it hasn't been discussed. He also said: "the 10 day of competition is certainly not Daniel last."
In fact, in April 14th, the deep foot disclosed to the media that night the buyout Daniel news, President Yang Saixin convened an emergency meeting, specifically to discuss the problem of Daniel. It is reported, at that time does not discuss "buyout", but his "fate". At that time, Daniel's agent is to deep enough for Daniel this season on loan fees. When Wang Baoshan and Xie Feng's attitude is very clear, if can replace a foreign aid is of course ideal results, but only if Daniel will be returned, instead of introducing new foreign aid, it would be better retained Daniel. Although his ability to grasp the opportunity in front of the poor, but after all, can create a lot of chances, the involvement of each other's defense and also to participate in the team's defense.
It is reported, the deep foot chairman Yang Saixin has made it clear that, although he has not received the relevant text materials, but from the club responsible person was informed intends to dismiss the matter Daniel, the board of directors will discuss recently.
