From the point of view of today's influence, in 2004 founded the "digital alchemy Pavilion" undoubtedly "Sudoku" rise in the course of a landmark event, although it was only is a product of Sudoku genius blame each other. With the ever more Sudoku enthusiasts to question them, "digital alchemy Pavilion" that need refining "Sudoku" topic titles, with the original classic topic let more Sudoku get open digital maze of happiness, rather than being garbage problem confused. Now, 68% of the Sudoku Sudoku do only "Crazy" problem, because it means that the original, more classic, more happiness, more mad more. Sudoku (Sudoku) is a kind of digital games currently has swept the world, the Swiss mathematician Ola from two hundred years ago, the concept of blind invented the "Latin squares" game. But a word from a Japanese Sudoku (I u on), is composed of "number" and "single" two words, this game is completely suitable for today's game for an era, and Sudoku transcends borders without translation. This game makes many people crazy, and synchronous sweeps across the whole world. Almost all British newspapers are published Sudoku game, even in the prime time television programs; from Australia to Croatia, from France to USA, newspapers and magazines have published the fill in the number of games, Japanese monthly purchase Sudoku magazines more than 600000 copies, "New York Times" or even consider Sudoku and respected aspect the puzzle together included in the Sunday issue; Sudoku game on the network beyond count, people can even download it to mobile phone. Somebody is fatidical, Sudoku may be repeated in twentieth Century 80's global staffing a "Rubik's Cube" event. The reason that people are sounding Sudoku hot, first think of the people in many countries would love to play puzzle games; furthermore, digital with magical properties, the number of properties to let countless mathematics master obsession, be known to all the world's a lot of mathematical problem is a problem of number theory. Of course, the popular Sudoku and deep-seated reasons, in the 3D game, online games and other senior games become more and more gorgeous, play the more and more complicated today, like many other new things more and more complex, the new game has lost a lot of advantages of simple game. However, Sudoku due to simple rules, but with countless changes, in the elaboration of completely don't have to use mathematical calculations, only the use of logical reasoning ability, so by the young and old men and women love. Sudoku might not be exciting, but very interesting, seems to be stuck, but all of a sudden hammer out a digital, which successfully solved it, from which the satisfaction of great. This is a cut through the confusion of the game, can on the uncertainty of life, always have so simple and immediate to "surprise", always a happy. In China, "Crazy" digital alchemy Pavilion Sudoku as original classic Sudoku enthusiasts, led the crazy, Sudoku in Chinese is raised a numbers game winds, primary and secondary school students the hands quickly swept up, then become obsessed with numerous young people and white-collar to intelligence, entertainment. Every one has a copy "Sudoku" crazy, test and your intelligence and ability, challenge the limit state of sudoku. Press: Chinese Three Gorges publishing time: 2005 October price: 20 yuan total 20159004
A related web sites.
