Nobody expected this year, Mr. Tagore's eighty Daqing down by me to pick up a pen to celebrate. Personnel changes too unreal but wonderful. If today I have Shima, he must first happy. Just look at the year ten years ago, the old man of seventy years old, he was a few months ago restless longing for how to celebrate, how to make the old man satisfied, so he must personally go to India, but also the environment again so that he can't leave Shanghai, straight Saotouzhuaer even the lazy; to go the problem is solved, slowly quiet down, then took a few months time, just from Europe has been transferred to India, to see the old man himself, just just enough desire. He also said that the return after this was known of our hearts; and when he was eighty years old, please the old man to come to Shanghai to have fun! Who knows a young man down go ahead in the elderly.
I was with Tagore is very strange, when he first came to China, I haven't met yet Shima; although Shima I know, the first time to go abroad, with I say this to see Tagore should be introduced to you, also asked me to send a photo to him; but I a few thoughts didn't mind. Until then went to see the old man, sent me a note, is the old man's hand; of course, in addition to praise a few words have no him, and said in Shima letter words, it makes me feel strange happened on this old man, he said that the old man home to see my photo, you will be my people, temper, temper said a clear, seems to have seen my people; Shima on this point especially made him Peiqin was extremely admire; hate not immediately told me to go and see his old man's house. At the same time, he also told Shima told me that after one or two years, he must come to my home, hope to be able to see me, call me a little earlier preparation. Since then, my heart felt the old man is really a wonder, writer and at the same time will fortune teller! Maybe Indians can a little magic.
My comrade friction soon after marriage, he suddenly to a telephone, said after a month will come to Shanghai, and prepare in my hotel. Good! It help us; two people don't know what to do. The house was small; of course not palatial furnishings poor scholar's house, to see the east nor desirable, look on the west is not satisfactory, simple upstairs downstairs couldn't find a room can give him room. Rebuffed him, again afraid hurt his good pleasure; to accept him, but there was no place to arrange. A week past or nothing ready, just two people relatively worry. At this time, a telegram came again, the afternoon of the second day the ship to Shanghai. This can really grasp the blind, a total of three semi house, again afraid he brought people much, enough to live, a move also too late, the results had to crustily skin of head to meet again.
To the pier, boat reached. We saw the dock were filled with people, colorful head, in the sun shine my eyes feel dazzled! I wonder whining, how today there are India San! They come to the meeting? Shima said: "you're confused, this is not to pick up the old man home?" I realized come on, secretly laugh heart not, how to make friends with the Indians like shima. I have always admired the heart when the heart by this time was a little uncomfortable up, because I usually see the red head on the road, today to call I saw so many people of odd shape, green dark eyes, a two man looked straight at us, to see me hide in the side coupled Shima also dare not move. Then in addition to fear, all else forget, even what to do a little confused. Until the crowded into the crowd, came aboard, I was panting for breath, like waking from a dream like, after the owner of the call, the elderly only know a room.
He is pleased to have a running jump has been moving forward, simple one-piece after I forgot it, has been to a small room on the drill, I also had to silently behind; and went to a small room, I saw he was with a white hair old man shook hands close, I just know that it must be the old poet in his life the most worship. Watch on the scrutiny, and felt a peculiar meaning, the first feeling, how is this India life too scary? Face is not a bit with ordinary Indians all the evil eye, the facial expression is also not feel strange black, voice tone with more an indescribable beauty, low like the valley, where the Nightingale, tactfully, smiling in front of me straight to see. I was standing there like a lost consciousness, even the Shima beside introduced me to the words are not heard, not forward, not back, only to see his eyes; Lian Zhimo teach me forgot to say at home, or the old man see my abnormal circumstances, slowly shook my hand softly to me low.
In the boat, we will talk about, the old man to me very close to him, he is not proud of gaseous, I told him that my house is really too small to see, he said that anti he smaller is like, or their siblings some high office building, please him to stay, but he will come to my house there? It makes me can't save any kind heart, only obedience to accompany him back to our broken home. He looked very satisfied, we specially prepared for him a Little India room he anti don't break down to bed, we let him sleep we two people sleep.
