"I was no longer the child myself" letters to Fu Lei "in the sixty-eight year, the old man, looked at seven!" This is Fu Cong with emotion issued two years ago. We also read "letters to Fu Lei", "Fu Lei" in Fu Cong is fading, has since become a "home".
In August 5, 1999, Fu Cong performed in Luo gram - when Tailong International Piano Festival in Fes tival International de Pianodela Roqued Anth Ron ', make the audience could be in ecstasies. Many years later, who was born in Chinese pianist once again returned to France stage, some fans feel strange, but familiar for most Philharmonic, and to all the people but is still a mystery. The mysterious master who we know very little, and his colleagues, from Marta Agridge to Daniel Ballenboim, in addition to mention him, praise, and Yang pei. Fu Cong was born in Shanghai in March 10, 1934. His mother, is a traditional Chinese women by two thousand years, the ancient culture of traditional edification. His father Fu Lei, learned in the University of Paris, France and Italy have sightseeing in other countries, Chinese at that time have this experience are few. The translator in a great reputation, the two son of vision, French Enlightenment writer and translator of classic works, to teach children throw a part of these works as their accomplishment. Parents very early that the eldest son of music induction, named Cong -- hearing that also. Ts' ong hears Chinese traditional way, by "ear", "chimney" Chuang window of the words -- "and" heart "composition, with Yu music contains a child.
Fu Cong Jay Fitch Ki (Drewiecki1890 1971, Poland world famous pianist, piano educator, musicologist) under the door, length of 4 years. Professor Jay Fitch Ki belongs to the 1915 Leszek Ditz Ki Leschetizky1830, Professor of Polish pianist, teacher of School of Austria, Pa de Levski. Arthur Schnabel ArturSchnabel1882 1951, Austria pianist, Leszek Ditz Ki students in the "life and music" one of my book, the Leszek Ditz Ki teaching essence, attributed to let each student to play according to their own way, a person yourself, resulting in the diverse style of playing, confused but each. -- this from his disciple Pa de Levski (Paderews - ki1860 1941, Poland pianist, composer, in 1919 served as the first president of the Poland Republic and Schnabel body can be sensible of. This kind of education method, the skills of learning in the second, first try to diverse repertoire. Fu Cong is most glorious place to play, make people see a similar effect.
To Poland 6 months later, Fu Cong had the honor to participate in Warsaw at the Chopin piano competition, after Hara Semyon Weitz and Ashkenasi, ranked third. At the same time by a unanimous vote had "Mazurka" special award. Experts believe that the famous awards event, this "Mazurka", is to the real Chopin player reward. The competition very drama, Fu Cong is the winner in the first is non Slavs, nor Europeans pianist. He play "Mazurka", nimble freely, perfect. Counterpoint and harmony, jumping on the changing of the rhythm, and this rhythm seems to be directly from the land of Poland. In 1955 of that year, critics to fit this and Poland art, belong to the first half of the year from Javi Ducky achievements. But listen to his disciples Chinese Jiewei Ducky from when I first came to play the "Mazurka", Fu Cong to the rhythm of the appreciate sb.'s thought, has made the professor surprised.
In 1994, he entered into a long-term agreement, every few weeks to Italy Lake Como international piano foundation organization Fondationinternationaledepi - anodulacdeComo. There, every year from all the selected five young pianist, get a one-year funding, Fu Cong heard them play, giving the cultivation and technical guidance.
In the tour of Fu Cong, it is a rare opportunity, amiable and moxibustion master dedication. He always arrived on the day before the performance, in order to try harp, more ideal, is to choose the piano. In summer of 1999 in Roque when Tyrone as an example, when several music people witnessed this surreal scene: Fu Cong's request, the large tractor Art Festival in the middle of the night, one o'clock, pull to four aircraft, with the Dasidan Granville piano concert. The pianist hard one one tried, think finally, a sound good, but the string machines is not ideal, and the other a contrary. In this way, things will be much easier to handle, the second frame machine moves to the first frame, Fu Congcai have got one's wish, get him to the piano. Playing to success, depends on the tone and fingering his painting. Fu Cong's touch is very sensitive, if not good mood, or there is something wrong with the piano, will play well. If sufficient time can be pre training, have a good master to help, his brilliant playing up to the exit.
Fu Cong think, the essence of those of the old masters, exists in the timbre in. Play sound, is juxtaposed to express emotions. "Pa Dai Laifusiji to Mar Couzyn J Ki (Witold Malcuzynski 1914-1977, the Poland pianist, Pa de Levski students said, it is the master's advice: 'you should listen and taste your own play.' It's tough, do it long term. For me, knowledge has no limit.. Whenever I hear a special tone, with hundreds of ways to the sound and play out. Of course, according to a conventional bomb, bomb without pedal, or according to strict rhythm slow playing, configuration of harmony, so that a more harmonious music master, this is very useful. To Debussy, Beethoven, Schuhmann, Chopin and other great composers, they write