&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; when the diplomat lady, life is very comfortable. After comfortable? Passion and enthusiasm faded almost, ladies will become a bit tired.
Large spring party held on a luxury cruise ship, the lady wore a huge diamond ring man, his face is very "occupation" to smile to everyone, hand in greeting; although Mr. arms holding, eyes and legs but hate not went to enjoy the new heaven and earth in the next second, a breath of fresh air.
Women most understand a woman. I understand their mood at the moment, they have to you can have the fun and ready excuse in tonight's Party: "hand can be to Mr. distraction, legs but can't give -- the legs are used to leave, leave or just for a moment you, will be back in a little while" will usually prepare the alibi for his diplomats lady should be diplomatic circles, "Ginger".
Diplomats often three years for a country, go to where is just to have to leave.
Most of the time, in order to preserve their marriage, but also for superior life, ladies surface happy, eyes, the heart of things less. They are often an excuse to participate in Party and various social activities, to the husband for expensive jewelry and dress. She had no reason to hire good people, spare time to visit the museum and afternoon tea. Even find a talk to chat, chat is not much, not deep. On what is the use? I have half a year, but also with Mr. to another country to gone with the wind.
But wherever you go, there is a principle is the same -- hand is Mr., the legs are his. Think of me that full-time diplomat lady's career, there are a lot of harvest and happiness, but also had this "be back soon" mentality and confusion. Every time I always ask myself, your goal is not to make a "round" the woman? What is "fruity" woman? Is not up and down, can endure hardship will enjoy, can "Show" can also be used as a "wife", can be in it seems even is dull in the environment to create your own happiness? Namu, your testing time.
So, in order to diplomats lady status at the Party, I request myself to decent, thoughtful, happy and full of personal style to perform my duties. I said to myself, you from the Lugu Lake a doubles pigweed hand, looks so sexy vibrant today, wearing a man a big diamond ring, of course, to do his green leaves, to help him do this meaningful work. Moreover, in the Party, eat, drink, enjoy, imperceptibly to the cultures of the two countries are introduced clearly, not to live up to the "sacred mission of cultural ambassador", even occasionally play point "will be back in a little while" game, how hurt elegance.
"Be back soon", this was the diplomat lady helpless social alibi, now it's my secret game, it gave me another kind of identity and happy. Just quietly left a little while, enjoy the hall unique painting and sculpture, with one or two strangers with no purpose to chat, they maybe when you just invited to play the girl next door, talk easy and fun without ceremony. At this time I was no longer the blindly pursue when Party "Queen", a young and frivolous, flashy girl, but a secret light shine "green", to find a space for yourself and have fun, experience the relaxed and free off the identity of coat.
"Be back soon", and occasionally to switch roles, will bring new inspiration and vitality to you, let you to have romantic look at any time to experience adventure. "Be back soon", the more I think this sentence is so naughty and lovely, life need short "escape", who said on Party only.
Mr. hands, legs. For a moment to leave and come back, will not affect what, whether it is a cruise on the spring party, or living in a romantic landscape, just came back a few minutes later, reasonable in the circumstances not hurt the important essentials. Be back in a moment's wife is a good wife, to let his wife while on the back is good sir, mr.. Fate is round, to see how you go to practice. However, the fate of the success is not necessarily a lifetime, especially foreign love is so. The cultural differences between countries, between two people each other to contain each other, learn from each other, each other into. Otherwise, the outcome is of course inevitable failure. However, when everything is over, I feel can still care about each other, see a face, greet each other situation, because before along, actually also inadvertently when the most familiar person, therefore, a little greetings and love, two people you can get.
(from "be back soon", Yang'Erche'Namu, in October 2004 Beijing literature and Art Publishing House published in August) Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Yang'Erche'Namu", were found
9347
A related Webpage.
