Published in 2004 Nobel prize on the occasion of the world literature, and even the press really hard to liven up a. Nobel prize for literature history 101st winners are women writers people expected, but contrary to expectation of the people of Austria writer Jelinek. If 2003 Coetzee's award is a burst of applause, enjoy popular confidence, then this one people is at a loss, confused and surprised sound speculation the Swedish Academy Awards reasons, change the fathom its in literary outlook and values of some. The Jelinek winning the dispute, so that Nobel prize has not only confined to literature, and became the first see the purpose of news events.
In fact, in Nobel prize in literature history, there have been a few times larger controversy. In December 10, 1896, Alfred Nobel died in Italy. He set up Nobel prize in his will, and especially is to reward who created works best with an idealistic tendency of people. From the beginning of 1901, the Swedish Academy judges in repeated discussion of exactly what is "idealism said Nobel in a will". The selection process of a century long, say from a certain meaning, is the "idealism" ongoing process of interpretation, and this will inevitably appear to lead to controversy. From the initial accords with the traditional literary style to take criticism of religion, monarchy, marriage and the whole social order, profound sympathy for human, extensive philanthropy, the plight of human existence, survival to depict the true value, and then to the blending of multi culture, Renaissance until the humanistic spirit, the ninety-seven awards, in fact is the literary points of view, values, aesthetic taste in different times, different society and different cultural background and again change and specific show, Tolstoy, Hardy, Ibsen, Valerie and other literature everybody because of various reasons at that time and Nobel prize pass, just miss the person or opportunity, left to regret forever in Nobel prize in literature history. Throughout history, as long as the awards, especially the international award, to be perfect, to the satisfaction of all is almost impossible, Nobel prize is not exceptional also, some award winning writer is still controversial. But even so, from today's perspective, Nobel prize is statements of a school, but still can be called a you words. Nobel prize winning writer mostly recognized all over the world, Hemingway, Faulkner, Paz Jeal Knaak, Tagore, Marcks, Yeats and so on is a great literary master, they can be called the twentieth Century literary elite, whose works have epoch-making significance, telling the human have so far has been constant emotion, soul and the truth, the history of the world is concentrated in their works, they are strung together in a series we moved in front of him, from the.
As an international literary award, Nobel Prize Centennial legend is undoubtedly the development of world literature for more than a century interpretation. Zhejiang literature and Art Publishing House has published the "Nobel prize winning novelist" series, is a reduction of Nobel prize for Literature History Archives of world literature, is more than a century, included a large number of historical facts and important works, let facts speak for themselves, with the real objective. This series consists of six volumes: Selected Stories, novels, poetry, prose choose selection, interview, selection of biography, by the selection of foreign literature expert Mr. Song Zhaolin, Sweden Nobel foundation has given support and help, "world literature" the former editor in chief, the famous translator, portrait of Mr. Gao Mang also designed for profile volume created the award-winning writer of avatar. In addition to a small number of translation of selected works, mostly by the original direct translation, involving fifteen languages, the translator for the well-known national literary translation and research experts, has a higher authority. Series of content has the relatively intact, literature, history, philosophy, involving political, religious, can learn from 1901 to 2004 all the winners, namely the one hundred and one writer's life situation, literary activities, representative works, creative idea, value idea, creation style and winning reasons, to appreciate the literary world one hundred years of works, this is an overview of literature trend of evolution, let people appreciate, review and reflection.
Remember the 1949 award winning writer Faulkner once said: "Nobel literary award was not made to me personally, but gave my creation -- I neither for fame, not for profits, but with the materials of the human spirit, in order to create something which did not exist before, experienced the suffering soul and labour creation." Perhaps, in some sense, this is a classic interpretation of Nobel prize, where is the reason that we always have the best looking for it.
