This is a part of the Western Zhou Dynasty tomb No. 1 found in the fine "shortage curtain", "Huang Wei" that is, the pall, found for the first time.
This is a jade handle shaped Pei were unearthed in tomb No. 2 in.
The archaeologists are reduction of funerary ornament domino group pei. (picture for the Xinhua News Agency)
After intense excavations for 4 months, the Shanxi Provincial Bureau of cultural relics and Archaeology Institute of Shanxi Heng Shui Cun Jiang County North hillside excavated a is probably the Western Zhou period level lower than the ancient tomb of vassal king of jin. Multiple copper and member of the funerary car and a lot of jade, bronze found in the tomb, which unearthed Huang Wei is now found in China the earliest, best preserved, the largest area of the tomb decoration pattern material. The expert thinks, the cemetery has great value for the study of the local culture, economy during the period of Western Zhou dynasty.
The excavation of the cemetery is one of the Western Zhou Dynasty and may be used to a large cemetery Eastern Zhou and Han dynasty. The 3 tomb has been cleared, 1, tomb 2 is a group of couples and cave tomb. No. 1 tomb unearthed in bronze chariots and horses for member of funerary car and a large number of jade, bronze and stone, the bone in the domino agate pipe group panda 10 group, domino inlaid with Turquoise pattern; jade jade jade huang whether or decoration are very beautiful. The 2 Tomb of funerary objects include traveling, tripod, copper jurisdiction, Tao Li, GUI, respect, Zhi, disc, Duke, you, Yong Zhong. Ding, disc, respect and you have the glyph, glyph 230 words. The tripod and disc inscription "- Bo - as baoding...... Its million years permanent "," - Bo - as the treasure disc million years permanent". The first word is not very clear, but from the number of strokes on look, like "Peng" with the same. Expert analysis that may is the name of a closed country, such as combined with "Beth" behind the word analysis, the letter of China is relatively low level of state of jin. Write third words is not clear, but linked up with the front of the "primary", may be the monarch's name. The inscription on the respect and you are almost the same, which "crusade...... In a week "and other words, what explanation, experts say that need further research.
According to experts, 1 tomb discovered that the most important is the total area of the coffin chamber unearthed 10 square meters large Huang wei. Huang Wei is at the time of the coffin cover, position in the coffin of between. The unearthed Huang Wei Wei in a cuboid shelf, subject to red textile cloth, a very fine embroidery pattern cloth outside, the contents of the pattern is the Phoenix chengxiang. The cloth on the north side of the pattern to save more complete, at least can be observed in the 3 groups of different birds pattern traces, pattern in the middle is the side image of a large Phoenix grain, large hook beak, round eyes, wings Wacom lines to exaggeration for large orbit gyrotron, smooth, of great momentum. Before and after large Phoenix, each with 4 small Phoenix, upper and lower arrangement, shape and large Phoenix is basically the same, only slightly subtle point.
Archaeologists think, from the burial custom and the funerary objects, the cemetery burial is one not seen in documents of Western Zhou period, the king of the state of small letter.