The respected director Abbas Rostami for Iran subunits, Taiwan director Hsiao-Hsien Hou jokingly said: "maybe two people are using the realistic conditions, rather than the technical specifications to film, speak bluntly, we in the film are very simple. We use non occupation actor. "
Hsiao-Hsien Hou's liaison office to be Singapore International Film Festival and the Singapore History Museum "the Hsiao-Hsien Hou retrospective film exhibition" came to the local, his movie "Coffee time" is a tribute to the late Japanese filmmaker Yasujiro Otsu, but he admits that he is not "small Jin Tong", he is too late to watch Yasujiro Otsu's movies.
Take "Coffee time" to honor the late Japanese directors Yasujiro Otsu, but the internationally acclaimed Taiwan director Hsiao-Hsien Hou is not "small Jin tong".
Ozu is standing in the omniscient perspective
The Liaison Office for the Singapore International Film Festival and the Singapore History Museum "the Hsiao-Hsien Hou retrospective film exhibition" came to the local Hsiao-Hsien Hou an interview with this newspaper, said: "I'm late watching Yasujiro Otsu movies, I took a" childhood "began to see." Hsiao-Hsien Hou was in France at Ozu's "I was born, but...... "To find his works, he shows that don't read all Ozu's work. He also said the memorial Ozu Mingdan 100 shot Coffee "time" is opposite the station in Ozu's salute to him.
Talking about the influence of Ozu, Hsiao-Hsien Hou said: "in addition to his family's theme, expression way I and Ozu's different, Ozu is standing in the omniscient perspective, and to structure his films with the elements of life, and the structure is very tight, this is not my film."
The respected director Abbas to Iran
The 58 year old Hsiao-Hsien Hou is a film by training, known to local drama, "Xiao Bi story" opened new Taiwan cinema craze; "city of sadness", "the puppetmaster", "good men and women" and "goodbye south, South" and other films made in Taiwan occupies an important position in the world films.
Occupy a space for one person in the international film circle Iran directors Abbas Kiarostami (Abbas Kiarostami) highly Hou, regarded him as an important director. Hou said Abbas many years ago to attend the Taiwan film events, two people become attached to, he said: "I also like his works." He said two people are using the realistic conditions, rather than the technical specifications to film: "speak bluntly, we in the film are very simple. We use non occupation actor. "
However, Hou early "city of sadness", later "sea flower", "Millennium Mambo" or with a major suit, he explained: "investors means." He also revealed that the "thousand" in addition to Hsu Chi, was looking for Tony Leung and Maggie Cheung, but combined with other major suit to change, the trivial details of complex, he doesn't want to expend energy in such systems.
The time is ripe take martial arts film
As a director, he seldom watch movies: "I like to sit in the house of Coffee read a book, write something." He actually had the knight errant dream, martial arts film script already in mind, the time is ripe, he will take martial arts film.
"The past" without special simply don't take
Hou film from the early country into the modern breath, he said the modern and before actually together, he said that "the past" easy, if not special, just don't shoot. He said the "thousand" originally wanted to take 10 years, but the modern hurry, because living in the moment, a lot of affairs from the side of the flow, can not see clearly.
Each stage of the film life observation and experience different, Hou representative to pick out her own, is not easy, but he chose the 1983 wind cabinet to "people", because the film in this movie he is young, have no what burden: "it was fast and accurate," wind "is strong energy of a film." He admitted that was old now, but a lot of concerns about film.
The movie was very low threshold
Hsiao-Hsien Hou grew up in the Keelung temple, hour love watching Taiwanese opera, shadow play, sometimes climbing, ballot box stuffing into the theater, he plays no purpose, just enjoy. I can't go to the University and went to the army, military service before deciding to make the film. He is currently in the new culture, he advised young people don't put the film too seriously, do not need to take it as a Movie Palace: "threshold was very low, with a video camera can shoot. But the cumulative text background, life experience, it is important to observe."
And Hsiao-Hsien Hou drink "coffee time" talking movies ""
Starred by Asano Chunobu and other actors of the Coffee "time" (Cafe Lumiere) tonight at nine fifteen in the jade 1 theater show, Hsiao-Hsien Hou will share with the audience.
This Friday (29 days) at nine forty-five in the morning to six thirty in the evening, and Saturday (30 days) at nine thirty in the morning to 6 at night, the "Asian Hsiao-Hsien Hou in Singapore Museum: International Symposium on film, history, culture". The seminar conducted in Chinese and English. Hou guide next month 1 days afternoon 2 pm to 5 pm in the Singapore History Museum will also attend the "film creation, cultural production, social participation" Chinese forum. Source: [United] Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Hsiao-Hsien Hou", were found
71539
A related Webpage.