&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; dialogue characters: Gao Yuanyuan, &amp;nbsp; Zhang Wenbo of our newspaper reporter
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; location: a bar dialogue dialogue
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; time: April 27th
"In the past few days I've been thinking about this (to Cannes), I can refuse? I can not go to what... " This edition photography / reporter Xu Wantao
- instant
"Only let me pain, happy thing only life, with mom chat, together with the boyfriend, I had one hundred percent happy."
"Suddenly feel like a woman, not a girl. I used to stand in someone else's umbrella, now need to own and take the umbrella up, for others to block rain."
"From the day of the publication of the list, I felt relaxed attitude is absolutely not. This time I is be worthy of the name of the heroine, not hide, the pressure is really big."
About Cannes:
I think people who come to Cannes is like the peacock, just waiting for the red carpet at the moment, but also compared to each other. I don't want to be a peacock to others.
&amp;nbsp;
The Beijing News: you four years ago and the Berlin Film Festival, there is an intimate contact, that trip to Berlin for you some kind of memory?
Gao Yuanyuan: easy. What time was small, without the concept of International Film Festival, also don't think anyone's attention, also don't know how to prepare for what, like a trip abroad. How to walk the red carpet has been forgotten, but remember to visit a Berlin wall, also casually dressed in sportswear with Xiaoshuai attended several party.
The Beijing News: but this time already doomed you not easily.
Gao Yuanyuan. Released from the Cannes film festival that day list, I felt relaxed attitude is absolutely not. Many reporters to call me, ask me what to expect from the winner, Xiaoshuai has repeatedly stressed not like last time, we must have the courage to face the media, in the front. This time I is be worthy of the name of the heroine, really can't hide, the pressure is really big.
The Beijing News: don't you want to go to Cannes to the red carpet?
Gao Yuanyuan: in the past few days I've been thinking about this, I can refuse? I can not go to what... Until now I still miss to resist it.
I think all the people who come to Cannes is like the peacock, wait for the popularity of that a moment, gorgeous tail carpet, also compared to each other. I don't want to do a peacock to others. But I also convince myself, change my idea in this stubborn.
The Beijing News: you have to answer media says, oneself don't think Cannes film, this answer surprised me......
Gao Yuanyuan: Yes, I have to say and who ever. For me to be able to shoot a drama is the most happy thing. These days my agent told me, this time to Cannes may have on the international film company to come to me, I feel so terrible, doubt my ability can go further.
About the acting:
Most can affect my things and acting is not closed, only let me pain, happy thing only in life.
&amp;nbsp;
The Beijing News: why will have to resist the feeling of filming? Filming 'mean anything to you?
Gao Yuanyuan: is that a job is currently the most satisfied with me. I took the first team from advertising to me to confirm himself as an actor, spent six years of time. During this period I have been repeatedly, in the struggle, worried about their own can not adapt to the new environment, fear can not control themselves, fear of strangers...... Until 2002, when The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber "shoot", these my worry can eliminate almost. Now every play I meet are one hundred percent efforts, do not complain, do not blame. But I always think, do actor is just a small episode in my life.
The Beijing News: episode, then what is the main theme?
Gao Yuanyuan: that was a little unfair, after all, if not an actor, I may not have these rewards, do the things they want to do is not as to. But I found that most can affect my things and acting is not closed, only let me pain, happy thing only in life, but I can't give up acting, so both try to balance.
The Beijing News: what things in life will make you happy?
Gao Yuanyuan: Mom chat, together with the boyfriend, I had one hundred percent happy.
About Wang Xiaoshuai:
Xiaoshuai regardless of what the setbacks, always put the film as the most important thing, he is not for the money to profit, like a child.
&amp;nbsp;
The Beijing News: we still say that the "green red" bar, you are just into the group after the boot for two months?
Gao Yuanyuan. To be honest I didn't even play at check-in. I was not in a good state, I made it a rule to take 6 months to a year of drama, but before that I've taken 9 months, into a tired period, I am a not long time work, only to endure to shoot, because it was pretty. The situation is very difficult, he at this time for me is to my trust. Fortunately, this film is the director's style is very strong, I follow the line.
The Beijing News: This is Wang Xiaoshuai so many years for the first through the review of the film, it's not easy.
Gao Yuanyuan: he sometimes makes me very touched. I am a person very realistic, it is very ideal, but slowly