Published by the Cultural Relics Publishing House of "big records everything Chinese handed down treasures" 26 in the Imperial Palace, the Imperial Ancestral Temple held a ceremony. According to publishing party, this book has created six first Chinese publishing, a attract enough eyeballs. According to the briefing, "the records of the historian Chinese big treasure handed down everything" collects 100 pieces of China ancient coin collection and 722 stamps are genuine, according to different historical dynasties, divided into eight volumes. Each volume included books except the corresponding period stamps and coins, also has a "historical stories", "Chinese memorabilia", "world events", "Historical Encyclopedia" four text pages, make five thousand years of Chinese history situation more stereo, deeply present in front of the reader. Such heavy arrangement makes the book created six first published in the history of a number of Chinese on, a birth and four shock, become one of the most cited publication of the year those remarkable book. "China big historian" is brewing, Hamline company preparatory years, product of numismatics experts, historians, the design of the master, master planning of the force, after three years of preparation, a year making work income. All coins and stamps included in the book are identified by the relevant authority for the real thing. When the witness these mottled rust, full of vicissitudes of history of ancient coins, Chinese 5000 years of civilization, the rise and fall of the process of social and economic change of Dynasty, appeared on the front landing gear. From the Qin and Han to Tang Song Zu, from the Warring States to Sui Tangmingqing, until Guangxu in the Republic of china. History is no longer a dusty books, fresh lively; when more than 700 stamps become Chinese history of five thousand years of the image carrier, has obtained the impact force of the hitherto unknown, about Chinese thousands of years of history, to show the splendid Chinese culture, visual expression of the Chinese civilization advance footsteps. It is precisely because of these six publishing the book first, planning Rao Shengyong proudly said at the ceremony, civilization, culture, cultural relics pulse echo song, passing the torch, a series of BES, as exchange "Chinese big historian". I usually will be vice chairman Buch, Vice Minister of culture Zheng Xinmiao, National Bureau of cultural relics museum experts group leader, China museum director of Institute, chairman of National Committee of ICOM, China Beijing Municipal People's government expert advisory adviser Lv Jimin, the China National Philatelic Federation secretary general reputation ring, Collection Association Vice Chairman Du Yaoxi attended the the first type of contractors in Beijing show the world communication mechanism, vice chairman of the CPPCC National Committee Zhang Kehui wrote congratulatory letter for the ceremony. Total 985015
A related Webpage.
