The party's sixteen sessions of Fourth Plenary Session explicitly proposed to "improve the ability of constructing the socialist harmonious society". The harmonious society must adapt to the harmonious way of thinking, the concept of literary and artistic creation to change. Television drama as the audience the most wide, the highest degree of concern of literary forms should be first to achieve this transformation. Specifically, I think that to realize the transformation of three aspects.
(a) the monarch subject to common people life
For many years, grasping the major theme, showing the main contradiction, revealing the grand theme has become a universal pursuit of television drama. In this sense, the daily life has been forgotten in the film and television play. Enter the harmonious society, harmonious and become the dominant tone. To adapt to this change, the creation of film and television should take the shot from the "major theme" to the daily life, starting from the small household affairs, womanishly fussy daily life, showing people's daily life state, everyday life, everyday life emotion. Of course, this is not to put the camera lens to the high officials and noble lords of high-grade daily life daily life, offbeat nor should shift to the handsome and beautiful, but to turn to the daily life of the common cannot again ordinary common people, cannot again ordinary civilians.
From the current drama of movie and TV works, and is not the description of daily life daily life drama of movie and TV, this is more of the daily life of the emperor, an ancient warrior heroines of daily life, or is the last century thirty or forty's family lady childe's daily life; contemporary people's daily life was pushed into a poor corner, even if there is this kind of TV drama, but also too much at the scene to the white-collar class daily life or the senior leadership of the daily life of common people's daily life, the performance of drama of movie and TV are much less, while the majority of farmers in daily life are almost completely abandoned the film and television play.
Starting performance, people from the people, life and emotion to show people, this has been the voice of China in literary and art circles. But this voice and scream and often fall into a misunderstanding, think only in major themes, a major event in the performance of human and human emotion, this is a misunderstanding of the art manifestation of human. In fact, the best performance of human nature is a daily life, only in the mother child relationship, the relationship between father and son, mother and daughter relationship, sibling relations, the relationship between men and women, friends of these ordinary daily life, the talented person is a real person, a real person, a person; but in the event, the officialdom activities, shopping malls in the Al, showed by people is only a kind of modified the camouflage, with emotion, is not the true feelings, does not really show human nature. Aesthetics have a saying called "beautification" or "aesthetic appreciation of daily life is the daily life". Beauty is not far away from the daily life, the beauty in daily life, and even can be said that beauty is in daily life. From this point of view, the current television drama in the keen historical drama, martial arts drama, comedy drama, detective drama at the same time, more should be focused on ordinary people in real life and the daily lives of people, creates has the characteristics of Chinese family life drama.
(two) from the surface of the vanity of steering deep
TV drama about ordinary people's daily life is only the surface requirements, deep requirements should be deep into the character's real life, revealing the common people's inner world, rather than stay in the surface and the floating layer. The current China not this kind of drama of movie and TV, can be in all these descriptions are surface and flashy, and even can be said that on the surface is the description of the daily lives of people, but in fact just away from the ordinary people's daily life. As in some movie and TV drama, choreographed by an indifferent attitude described a dull and boring, even the cobbled together from the story, do not see the inner world of the figures, the real feelings of life character. The love of drama of movie and TV is not real love, and some just love triangle, extramarital love, the true, pure love life in the film and television play is entirely missing; and those that describe the white-collar daily life drama of movie and TV is so fantastic: twenty or thirty year-old young men and women live with the type of property, open luxury cars, luxury shuttle in various places, have a totally docking not life. How can this movie to see the show the human mind?
The pursuit of the surface and flashy make TV drama on the skill and form are giving too much attention to, which is more embodied in the historical drama and the martial arts drama. So, every emperor Chinese history have been repeatedly joking, deduction; various martial arts works also constantly remake, remake. The historical drama, martial arts drama, comedy drama into TV series protagonist; and those who provide much material for thought, let a person heart touched by the real life, but has been in the awkward position of the edge, not essential. Undeniable, historical drama, martial arts drama, comedy drama has a good performance in ratings and the box office income. But the big production, big investment, high skills is to let the audience in the sensory pleasure after an addiction, the audience sensory enjoyment, but the soul is empty, out of the theater, the empty heart, the lack of a soul on the move.
It is worth noting, the pursuit of performance and flashy fashion with the world trend of drama of movie and TV is also not in tune. In recent Chinese has been applauded the "ambush on all sides" continuous was "Oscar nominated prize" and "Golden Globe Award", this shows that, for this only emphasizes the production of sophisticated content vanity misty