"The dust settles" written in 1994, published in 1998, long sales do not decline, issued nearly a million copies. 10 years later, Alai to launch novels "mountain village" -- a legend (the people's Literature Publishing House), has ten years of grinding sword. Recently, Alai talked with the reporter's own creation. Reporter: the dust settles "is the history of the elegiac his new book is to describe the reality, to show readers how the landscape? A Lai: I think I write is a China village history. I live in Sichuan Aba Tibetan area for 30 years, the Tibetan village has a very deep cultural, religious, natural and social experience, I write the Tibetan village, but it is not to write a single nation, is the performance of the wider scene, is the overall thinking of human and nature, politics and culture, social harmony with the progress of the. Some people say that the novel is "secret history", but in fact it is not disclosed nor mysterious, legendary, pastoral, but with special technique would be to disregard the numb pain revealed. Only in this way, it formed a novel grand pattern. Reporter: you in the eyes of the "village" has the characteristics of what? Lai: China write the village history novels, such as "the history of entrepreneurship", "sunny days", foreign have similar "family novel", is a big event throughout. I think now the country life has changed, the traditional village form does not exist, a bit like Steinbeck's description of "the grapes of Wrath" in. The country has been unable to determine their own destiny, is the social impact of urban and rural life outside, the clue is often interrupted, replacement by another event, now the rural life is multi thread, multi center, not an event consistent, life in the country can be said to be a mosaic structure of my new novel is a puzzle. Reporter: speaking of novel structure, if the dust settles "is a closed structure, the whole story," empty mountain "is a multi center, puzzle like, showing and the dust settles" completely different style. Lai: this novel has new explore in structure art background, using the common culture, common, by different people and things constitute the contemporary Tibetan pastoral scenery in a stereo type, that is, people's Literature Publishing House leadership and the editor says "petals" type structure. I'm going to write 6 large petals and a plurality of small petals, each big petals may be independent Chengzhang, mutually link up is a big flower, this is a more exciting and more vast landscape. The publication of the "hill" has two large petals, as the first part, behind the two each for two large petals, second to the end of the year to finish, third expected by the end of next year and publication. Reporter: "settled" after publishing, as if you didn't write too much? A Lai: one is in addition to literature, I have so many things to do, as "the science fiction world" magazine company president and chief editor is one thing. More important is the literary creation to the feelings involved, depending on the depth I think novels to the feeling of depth, I think no lack of grasp of language ability, as it is not short of ideas, but the feeling is not a short duration of time, as has just experienced a love with vigour and vitality, can't for another second days later imprint is engraved on my heart. Now I got my second passion. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "A Lai", were found
50349
A related web sites.
