&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; long holidays, some people choose to travel, some people choose to return home, some people choose to relax the mood, also some people choose to read. Then, the holiday, reading is much weight in our life? We make this period special holiday reading, selected the most recommended travel book, the year book of life and leisure reading the book the ten this, I hope these books can bring some reference for your holiday reading.
On the other, we are all areas of readers launched a holiday reading survey, we found that, life is far more than we can imagine the vast and interesting reading, specific to the life, some people love boring to read good books at home, some people always enjoy it "tourism brochure"; also some people take a book with road; quiet on those difficult book. For reading, everyone have their own ideas, but no matter what claims, have one thing in common, reading, is a pleasant journey.
Shen Hong: Fashion Critic
Ma Mingbo: "Chinese life" Edit
Chen Xiaoyu: Civil Servants
Ye Shuxian: Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
Zhang Dong: Press Planning
Shi Kangqiang: the famous translator
Chiang Chinese: first generation flash
Ma Mingbo:
Thoughts on traditional Chinese medicine in the journey ""
In general, the holiday I will have a trip, I used to carry a book starting, this year is no exception. The five one holiday I plan to go to Berlin temple, ready to take a Book of "thinking" of traditional Chinese medicine.
I am not a smart man, so I always hope that a book can bring me the wisdom or enlightenment, books are generally philosophy class, not too thick. "Thinking of traditional Chinese medicine on" I had read a part, ready to read on the journey. This book is very thick, has violated the principle of my reading. This is mainly because it inside a very profound truth, such as its starting from typhoid, speaking of man and nature, the relationship between man and time. It there, itching, worry about various diseases with heart; diabetes medication the morning effect best four points, because the disease is caused by deficiency of yin; cold points all different, but related with the imbalance of yin and yang...... I not only read from the book of TCM knowledge, and read a lot of things in life. In addition, the author also talked about the modernization of traditional Chinese medicine problem, he believes that Chinese medicine is thousands of years of cultural accumulation, has been quantified, if only the data analysis, so is the standard deviation. I support the statements.
Almost every day I want to read, not because the holiday is just a special read this. When the car, walk or idle will read, if the day does not contact with books, will be very uncomfortable. I was actually looking for himself in the book, read the "thinking" of traditional Chinese medicine is the same, there are many and I resonated in the book. I believe in the life style of the ancients, "read ten thousand books, traveling thousands of miles", will be reading and traveling together. This few years, I often use the chance to travel and go for a walk, in my experience, reading on the road is a rare pleasure.
Ye Shuxian:
"A brief history of the myth of" closed door latent read
Whether five one or eleven, I generally do not go out, not exceptional also this year. I usually read is the general academic classes. Because with the hand of translation work related, this year five one to read is a myth English original "".
"A brief history of the myth of" the author of one book is Karen Armstrong, Hainan publishing house has been out of her "God's history", but did not cause too much attention. "Myth" of a book a brief history of the great span, it started 100000 years ago to write, and then jump directly to 20000 years ago, from 20000 years ago wrote ten thousand years ago, ten thousand years ago to the axial age, then post axial period, division this time very novel. The authors did not narrow restriction of discipline, understanding is very high, have very strong penetration capability, for religion, mysticism can be succinctly stated the nature of it -- because she not only received academic training and had 7 years of nuns. Most importantly, the language in this book is very popular, the general will be able to understand.
Shi Kangqiang:
Last read Kundla
Because the working characteristics of the individual, the working day and holiday there is not much difference, holiday I and usual or main reading prose, essays and essay, or memoirs and other works, because my interest in history, geography and culture, not too likes watching fiction.
Generally speaking, travel time I have is avoid the peak travel, go I will take one or two of the record books, is generally have what just took a book. Foreign novels I would bring recreational extremely accidental circumstances. The last time I travel in July last year, I took a French version of Milan Kundera's novel, because the French book layout relatively sober, word spacing is more open, and usually is very light, only one hundred or two hundred pages, read will not feel tired.
The Republic of china:
Travel with Wang Xiaobao essays
Usually I have not read a book, the holidays really nothing to buy a few this word many magazines to have a look, those related to my professional books or magazines are too shallow, I'm not going to buy. I'll have a look "Sanlian Life Weekly", "finance and economics" such magazines, especially the "finance and economics" too hard, usually I don't watch, holiday would buy a fresh look at.
Certainly this year five one not to travel I, too many people! Generally speaking, when you go to travel and I will take the Wang Xiaobao wrote essays, because
