&amp;nbsp;
The modern press in 2005 published in May
The contemporary world press in 2005 published in January
New Star Press published in April 2005
How can life be more beautiful? For all the love life of the people, this is a big problem. In the prevailing on the market such as "Beauty King", "beautiful" such books can not find the answer to this question, although beauty is indeed the trend this year, like yoga is the last of the tide.
Beauty is not only about the appearance, it is a way of life. With the arrival of spring, life scientists can choose more and more living sample.
From the traditional consideration, we may refer to the French fashion grandmother de Alio life motto, in the be all the rage the go's "elegant", the old lady explicitly declared, this book is to "to hope forever good decent women". As the title of the expression, "elegance" is actually a kind of rule, the purpose of this book is to rule "fool". But on the other hand, the "elegant" about temperament, get it all as a rule of life will become absolutely not "elegant" thing. A truly elegant, is that most people find the delicate balance between individuality and rules.
First published in 1964 "elegance" has been revised according to the change in fashion too many times, it is the fashion life bible. Considering the author's French veteran status, a book in hand, between the small picture on the pages seem casual, women seem to have a little taste of Paris.
From the aspect of life, although they must be elegant, but it concerns still in public performance, but a real man who enjoys life, of course, will pay more attention to his personal life. From this perspective, has just published "a person" should become the guide for living life home.
"One" is a book magazine "network and the book" in the series. The cover of which is a projection of the humanoid, his hands holding a skull, seems to be your shadow. Such images, and modern people more and more lonely the so-called popular mentality dovetails with. And "a person" to express, it is also lonely beauty and lonely helpless. Enjoy the lonely life at home can find resonance in this book, more from this book to find out the direction of the small lonely.
"One" is part of the normal life of home, but it is not the only. After all, life is not only man, and many of the "object", it is because of this, "plaything" zhe "Jeff Chang school" can become a representative and a way of life.
Jeff Chang is my idol, his book is different from the general Star Portrait, it is a solid collection life memoir, read quite "kappa travel sketch book" interest, and "happy grocery shop" can bring satisfaction. Although Jeff writing and Meiweihetong or Ye Yilan also can not be compared, but consider him as the star appeal, convenor of by him when the "plaything" philosophy of right but actually. Various readers look at zhe collection, and his experience as a "plaything" little excitement, happiness and worry, do not feel it into another seemed pretty good life state.
Natural life is more than a holiday, life is more impossible just called home life things. In fact, the book fair on the life table filled with books, the reader can get from, build their own happy life.
- Beauty
"The beauty of the king"
S with
The contemporary world press in 2005 January
25 yuan
Many beauty book, but this certainly is the best selling big s. Speaking of the reason, in fact, is particularly simple, first of all is the big s star appeal, second is her as a beauty master reputation. Although big figure beauty can not say too much professional background, but the belle stars experience, more real than any professionals are much stronger. Look at the cover on the big s confident appearance, longing for the beautiful, the love life of the readers to follow the pursuit of natural.
"Beautiful"
An Ying
International Culture Publishing Corporation in 2005 April
35 yuan
Like "elegant" in French fashion old grandmother to attract readers, "beauty" is making the signs Korean grandmother an english. An Ying this year has been 80 years old, do cosmetic massage also has 40 years of experience. This background, together with the popular Korean dramas in a picture made beautiful face, can not help the reader not tempted. But readers to be true according to the descriptions in the book to create beautiful appearance of their own, there must be perseverance Caixing - the variable can be not a day ah.
- Food
"Shanxi pasta"
The voice of Han culture editor
China Light Industry Press, 2005 January
22 yuan / Ser.
"Exotic restaurant" play is a fashion, "Shanxi" is the traditional pasta keep. These 3 books by the Beijing Chinese sound cultural editor field trips to Shanxi for 11 days of income, 11 days, non surface not food, meals not repeat, the editors is the decomposition of the lens with a record of these pasta complete manufacture mode. From the cultural point of view, this book is the essence of folk food preservation, from a practical effect, good at home, ordinary people can enjoy the delicious Shanxi pasta.
"Fruit girl tender book weight"
Chris Ke
The contemporary world press in 2005 May
25 yuan