&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; the title: "a pursuit of freedom of women -- Beauvoir"
Author: Li Yafan
Version: People's Literature Publishing House in 2005 January
Price: 24 yuan
With the other side of the ocean lovers ring into the life partner Sutter graves, which is de Beauvoir, a rich and unique woman, she made a legend.
Who says women look at a wedding as the fate of love? De Beauvoir's life not married. Who says women are perishable youth, love is hard? Beauvoir middle-aged people to still have the young Lowndes Mann love. Who says women treat men as saving money box? Sutter put the literary heritage of all for sons and daughters, and Beauvoir didn't care. Who says a woman become the cause of the strong will lose the charm of women.? Beauvoir wrote "the second sex", Sutter says she has both male and female wisdom, sensitivity. As a woman in twentieth Century, Beauvoir had many personal independence of conduct, but through Li Yafan the respectful tone, let people enjoy in the male of the shadow, Beauvoir is not only gorgeous, magnanimous, shock the common customs, there are weak, hypocrisy, appear trite and insignificant.
Sutter describes herself and Beauvoir's love: "between us the love, is a kind of true love. However, if we can also experience the other unexpected a romantic affair, it is also a pleasure." Beauvoir is said so himself and Sutter feelings: "we have no doubt according to their own way, free is the only thing we obey the rules." No doubt, Sutter is free, but we need to experience the Beauvoir freedom.
To experience their own a romantic affair in the Sutter -- the pursuit of the Russian girl Olga, Simone de Beauvoir is so The mind is very confused., in her novel "female guests", she let Gezhaweiaier (Olga this character archetype) in gas died, Beauvoir is hatred of Olga. Perhaps in this mentality, she didn't accept the Bobst do her lover, in the equality of rights and experience the "freedom", Simone de Beauvoir passively received Sutter move, the heart hurts out embodied in the "female guests" in.
Sutter in the USA met the French woman Duoluolaisi, two people fall in love, get through one night in Paris, Povuva was in the America endure the lonely hearts, then she met al Glen, the man who brought joy to the lonely Beauvior. However, when Simone de Beauvoir wants to return to Paris, but Sutter let her live in the suburbs of Paris, because Duoluolaisi and he find it difficult to tear apart, the lovers do not go, to postpone the date of return. At this time, Simone de Beauvoir in enjoyment of their "freedom", feel oneself is "the masochist". "Suddenly, I found myself is a piece of stone, steel is not stop splitting in stone, ah, this is hell." Beauvoir for their "freedom", been to hell. This hellish life honed Beauvoir, she wrote jingshizhizuo "the second sex", but Sutter praised her "man's wisdom", who says that women have no such wisdom?
But the relationship when Sutter and Simone de Beauvoir mature to their respective any empathy is not to hurt each other, even for the other to find new emotional support and lucky, Sutter received an adopted daughter, and his literary heritage of all the sons and daughters inherit. After the death of Sutter, Simone de Beauvoir will never enter the Sutter living room, even with their own private goods can not. Beauvoir this and Sutter love life of woman could not open his lifelong companion room, reality is so harsh and played a joke on her, Beauvoir face is not only the heritage of contention (although she don't care), is a male's despotic power, without Sutter, but suffered the sons and daughters of exclusion. This Is it right? China "husband dies from" a French version of it, to know that Sutter gave his daughter of the right.
Beauvoir, the pursuit of "free" woman, together with the friend in Sutter's life, feel the shadow of male, female freedom is a freedom how. No matter Is it right? Sutter made Beauvoir, but one thing is certain, the masculine created a feminist, and feminist Beauvoir wrote the masterpiece "the second sex", is the male makes the attempt to make the cultural turn over women. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Simone de Beauvoir", were found
9719
A related Webpage. (www.sogou.com) Sogou search: "Sutter", were found
73826
A related Webpage.
