"Senna River"
Odo Jef Ceva
BaiHuaZhou literature and Art Publishing House in 2005 January
30 yuan
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "no country like Russia cherished writers, especially poets." I Odoyevceva in the "Senna River" in proudly wrote. Indeed, it is the great Russian literary tradition depends on the treasure of writers born. It is bathed in love in this light, the Russian people, the birth of Toy Jef J Ki, Tolstoy, Herzen Tuo Si, Pasternak, Solzhenitsyn and so on literature is difficult to remember the master number. They exceed era, will shine forever in the immortal works, left to future generations a precious spiritual heritage, with its criticism of society, for the violence and dark accusations and shows for intellectuals conscientiously bear and sense of responsibility. "Senna River" presented by the early twentieth Century, is a group of exiled Russian intellectuals group portraits in Paris.
Russia on the writer's love permeates every one's heart -- including the rulers. From Herzen's "my past and thoughts" can be seen, the Czar, commander of the fort, Alexander Thi has added to the writer of respect, not to mention the Peter funded the great and Diderot Ekaterina S published encyclopedia. When they are on the intellectuals to give punishment, also showed the rich flavor of the humanities and history of conscience. In the "Senna River", also can see this point. The most interesting example is Balmont, used Blok's words, he "is one of the greatest creator of Russian symbolism, he is the beginning of the twentieth Century the most popular poet, its poetry" only love "hit. Balmont traveled around the world, polyglot, he put a lot of foreign works translated into Russian, expand the Russians view. He was strongly against the tsarist autocracy, wrote "Avenger's song" everywhere read. In 1907 the Tsar asked him to leave Russia, Balmont did not travel on the grounds to refuse to go. Interestingly, the tsar was really give him allocated two thousand roubles, after Balmont to leave russia. On the other hand, these exiles in Paris writer and poet, is due to the Czar's moderate to well survive without becoming the national violence of the sword of the spirit.
"Senna River" the author of Odo Jef Ceva and her husband went into exile in Paris in 1922. She died on 1990, aged 95, is one of the two or three old lady at the end of the Russian Silver age, her husband Georgi is Acmeist, two members under the leadership of the poet gumilyov workshop. In Paris, they and Igor Severiyanin moss, Balmont, Zajece J, Fei, Bunin et al., ye Sai Ning and Duncan couple, Merejkovski and Gippius couples communication. These exiles formed a unique group in Paris, they drink together, debates, poetry reading, even defame each other, the discord. Odo Jef Ceva vividly reappeared many interesting stories and details. For example, Odo Jef Ceva and ye Sai Ning friends went to see Duncan, leaf orders Duncan to dance, Duncan hinted that ye Sai Ning is rascal with dance. Merejkovski and Bunin together to compete for the Nobel prize for literature, the former thought in the bag, and a lack of confidence, proposed to Bunin, two people regardless of who the winners are the bonus points and the other half, but rejected by Bunin. Bunin in 1933 after winning triumphant, self satisfied. He saw himself as a superman, the night in the hotel make a fuss, waking up the whole building, not only not be put to shame, but that this is the right Nobel award winner......
"Senna" is not the venerable River, it put these writers and poets of the most realistic and subtle side made possible complete description. As a Chinese readers, I love these writers and poets, I hope Stalin era massacre of intellectual events never happen again -- it to deprive human life and dignity as the means, disruptive power far beyond the Russian history of intellectuals in exile and make them into exile. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Russia", were found
13244565
A related Webpage. (www.sogou.com) Sogou search: "Silver Age", were found
14156
A related web sites.
