"Song" young trees
Author: Carter
Version: Zhejiang literature and Art Publishing House, 2005 January
Price: 18 yuan
Each reviewer ace moss er
The recent introduction of children's book the momentum is greatest "little house on the prairie" series, publishers of reading and other activities in each big city, the momentum is quite vast. "Little house on the prairie" raw is also very good book, but fear and discrimination against indigenous American peered out the book or make people a little uncomfortable. Coincidentally, another of the "little house on the prairie" quiet and almost at the same time the introduction of "the education of little tree", tells the story of a USA is aboriginal juvenile mountain life story, the story is more touching.
The trees are American aboriginal tribe of Cherokee (Cherokee) a descendant of Cherokee origin, in the east of the Mississippi River, but in 1838 until the winter of 1839, the federal government and state government forced the Indians from their original living in Yaira Bama, Georgia and Tennessee moved to eastern Oklahoma Indian reservations. The death of more than 40000 people along the way, which is why it is very famous in the history of the "trail of tears".
As a descendant of the Cherokee, loss of parents of young trees with grandma and grandpa, living in the mountains far away from white people inside. From then on, the trees in the mountains, and grandma and grandpa, the dogs together, have a clear and pure mountain life. "Mountain in the hot dawn shine began to expand, make a cracking sound, and with it the long breath sound, the air to spit out the vapor wisps. When the sun is lifted the trees' lose one's vitality of frozen armor, Hill also Bang Bang whispered voice...... Mountain gradually came to life... "
The mountain alive, small tree also follow grandpa start the day. Grandpa usually design trap catch Turkey, Turkey and eat, but always get enough to eat their own, the other is released; grandpa in the valley behind the ground to cultivate a small plot of land, although poor, but still at the top of some crops, trees will sometimes come to help, when the winter collection leaves spread on the land with fertile land, usually help plow; Grandpa would do the creel fishing, allegedly with horseradish leaves boiled fish, taste even the gods cannot forget; in addition to these maintain basic life work, grandpa also did violate the Caucasian legal thing to make money -- bootleg whisky, Grandpa skills are very good, everyone loves to drink wine. Because grandpa craft too good, so that some large companies have come to him. So, one day, Grandpa and trees have to overnight in the mountains. "Thanks to the moon's help, we can appreciate the hundred mile long stretch of mountains. Moonlight carve their convex figure, express deep purple shadows in the valley....... There is a small spray out from the drive end of the mountain, then a silver boat crashed into another fog, they gradually merge together...... Grandpa said, this fog as if there is life. " Strange, obviously is sitting on the train I bathed in spring sunshine, how like sit down to the mountain, and the trees and grandpa together, with his head in his hands, looking at the yellow moon crawled through a distant mountain peak.
Indeed, not previously have not read "the summer through the mountain" this kind of book, but, "the education of little tree" bring me moving, but hitherto unknown. I think, perhaps the trees they make me feel good "heart" living soul. Reportedly, the Cherokee, can rely on the ups and downs of voice spoke, feeling from different words to the same meaning. This is a common view of the grandma and grandpa, because between them is such talk. Often between grandma and grandpa will say "my dear you." For them, "dear" is "love", but also "know", this is exactly the same thing, but the degree of understanding of one another with together a long time and become deep. The Cherokee "dear" nature and spiritual needs, have completely unrelated to spiritual, all heart to touch lives. So, this "song" would be so good-looking moving, look at the time, that I could not stop the tears -- my dear you, the education of little tree.