&amp;nbsp; Kundla in the French publishing essays "curtain"
Essays "curtain" is Kundla crystal for many world-class writers and novels artistic thinking.
Recently, the literary master Milan Kundera following the "the art of fiction", "betrayal" and then will a novel writing essays "curtain" by the French Gallimard publishing house. This work is the crystallization of many world class writer Kundla novel artistic thinking, from which we can understand the writer's view of art, style techniques, and his understanding attitude, writing on the tradition of literature, of people and the world view, it will likely become another classic literature to discuss the novel the creation of the. After the book was published, Kundla in order to avoid the media tracking, again to hide a nobody could find the place, but after he accepted Gallimard Publishing House responsible person interview with Antoine Galima, the following is the interview excerpts:
Antoine Galima: there are few writers of fiction art, aesthetics of fiction and fiction history obsession to you such a degree. 1986 you wrote "the art of fiction", in 1993 wrote "testaments betrayed", now also wrote "curtain". I want you to explain how you can produce this kind of bizarre obsession, because you is not a theorist, is also not the professor.
Kundla: in "the art of fiction", I said: "I do not belong to the theory. My reflection, is a practitioner of confession......"
Antoine Galima: is a beyond national borders, in his path, practitioners to stroll in the unlimited scenery of novel history freely. "Father of the English novel" Fielding on Cervantes, Stendhal and Fielding battle, Hemingway and Faulkner referred to Gustave Flaubert as "our most admired master", Marcks tell you Kafka led him to violate the traditional realism. Your views on fiction is thoroughly cosmopolitan.
Kundla: my life is divided into two parts, half in Czech, half in France, so that I could survive from the two tower to see the world in.
Antoine Galima: you are in Czech, the French literature bring you been to what?
Kundla: I found that in Prague, the modern art and French are inseparable. Began to "Ha when modern art make me feel small". Aboli NAR... I give you the past published in Prague Aboli Nile of poetry, is my translation. Later on I love Diderot. Oh, not Diderot, I correct, is "Jacques the fatalist".
Antoine Galima: Why are you correct?
Kundla: say I "love Diderot", as if I want to put out their position in the cultural debate the Enlightenment era, and Diderot is one of the owners of that movement. I don't care for it, I am put Diderot in the world history of the novel in the background research, like Laurence Stern, "Jacques the fatalist" in the world of fiction history flashing. This novel makes me greatly, so I wrote "Jacques and his master", is written in very special circumstances.
Antoine Galima: you wrote in the play: in 1968, Czechoslovakia was the Soviet troops invaded, you are expelled everywhere, no way to survive. A director to want to help you, you will advise you in Dostoevsky's Novels "idiot" adapted for the stage. But you are not be overjoyed, but proposed adaptation of "Jacques the fatalist", his results were rejected, but you have been deeply attracted, because you like to write "Jacques and his master", a tribute to Diderot's play in three acts. But the drama you waited ten years later, only to see it staged in Paris.
Kundla: Soviet tanks rolled into Prague, that history has been forgotten...... What is the meaning of those terrible days? A central small see oneself be a regarded as a foreign national anti Europe forever engulfed. A strange feeling has never been my seized, that is to miss the old Europe's pain. The old European essence has disappeared, I saw the essence of it concentrated in the "Jacques the fatalist", "Jacques the fatalist" like a meta-analysis of the wisdom, humor and the magical feast.
Go back to your first asked the question, I might, I for the art of fiction obsession, for novel history obsession come from this, because of my European unforgettable memory, its impact on me is so big. I thought, modern Europe in the four century contribution to the world, not greater than the art of fiction.
Antoine Galima: your enthusiasm for novel creation was born in central europe. In France, consider this enthusiasm into a long. Life in France is what can give you such a "Ha law"?
Kundla: I is the "Ha method", is also a station on the two watchtowers on the observer, I soon understood "fiction", "world literature" and "modern", even Raby, Gustave Flaubert and Kafka my dear name, for me there is no like my French friend significance.
Antoine Galima: the European miss is the reason you love novels?
Kundla: I still remember. Because art, literature and philosophy in Europe, it has imperceptibly away from us. Leaving the four novels of the century
