"5 anniversary commemorative unwinding" no..
&amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp; "it before all the old", one of the open book's collection will.
"Open book gossip", one of the open book's collection will.
Reading people know, there is something about the study of internal publications, although did not spread widely, but very high quality. For example, early "books", was a book club members of the publication, but do be full of sound and colour, in a number of celebrity culture support, become a special type of book review magazine. But in recent years, with the decline of the book club, "books" are also increasingly become a simple commodity catalogue. In this publication inside, now the most popular "Soho" is probably the tabloids, this magazine has maintained a pioneer, but on a scroll above the gas, after all, a number of poor. It is the general reader little known "open book", elegant rich, is really a leader among similar publications.
"Open book" Nanjing Phoenix Book Club magazine, each print run is not much, the members can get free. Although not money, each space is only a thin layer of more than 20 pages, "open book" value is very important. "Open book" of the text, with books and anecdotes based, but not be tired. Have a look of its authors, Li Wenjun, Gu Lin, huang shang, Chen Zishan, Liu Shahe, Mu Hui, Zhong Shuhe etc famous all the year round to it written, there is such a team support, plus each author is responsible earnestly, to write the article not only beautiful words, and your spirit is often break out, "open book" became the reading world to the attention of the reader, it was not strange.
Reading people like "open book", but really can collect all the period "open book" readers are not much, after all, this journal has founded for 5 years. In March this year, is the "open book" 5 anniversary day, the editorial department published "open book series" second series of 10 volumes, that the memorial. This is the author of 10 books including Huang Chang, Gu Lin, Xin Fengnian, Lv Jian, Peng Yanjiao see the name, content is more literary text uniform, "open book" taste this is remarkable.
The "open book" hand is published in March this year than usual, thick, was founded 5 anniversary special issue. Simple and elegant on the cover, a "Ogawa love book" bookplate especially refreshing. When he opened the magazine, see van with Chen Lemin, Ma De, Xin Fengnian, He Manzi, Gao Mang, the old gentleman's name, the original editorial department in order to commemorate the 5 anniversary, special invited a famous writing the "open book" the two words. Look at these or two or wild or rigorous inscription, can not help but have a feeling of register profound respect: a small membership publication, do the report is really not easy.
Talking about "open book", nature can not fail to mention its editor Zi Cong. "Open book" can have today's scale, the son astute not. "Open book series," a two two series each received one of Zi Cong's books, "open book" and "open book Gossip Gossip sequel", from the two book of records, we are not difficult to read for a shipment of this reading journals hardships. Fortunately, hearing the son is a standard reading people, good happiness, come down a few years, has accumulated abundant research results, but from the "open book" into a book, have "open book series" two series of 20 and "shulinqinghua" library two series 12, such a success, that most people it is difficult to imagine.
"Open book" taste, slightly similar "Vientiane", but it is more embodied in the style of writing, also have the charm, as long as the theme, "Vientiane," all over the country Everything is contained therein., especially like to talk about movies, "open book" is just a dedicated reading journals, all topics are related to it, and a book. Even if not directly talk about the book, also want to talk about a person, for example, this special issue on several essays in memory of Mr. Feng Yidai's article.
"Open book" book talk, emphasis on popular literature of antiquity, nowadays, although it has some, after all, is not the point. In this sense, says it is "scholar little taste", seems to have. However small the charm that is not hurt the important essentials, change a point of view, it is actually beneficial supplement to the mainstream culture. Some people may feel that the "open book" too quiet, but in reading people, so quiet personality is actually a more appropriate.
Very obvious, "open book" such books never had "pandemic potential", but the cultural effect is absolutely should not be ignored. Commemorative edition collected many readers to comment on the "open book", which said the best or old Mr. Yang Jiang: "let ` s words, letter!"
