&amp;nbsp;
Zhang Daqian Painted Ladies "fan"
"In Book innate Yan Ruyu", it almost became the old literati cliches, good cosmetics.
For Chinese ancient "obstacle", "make" two sets of traditional techniques, this problem is belongs to "avoid" the way, heard sayings, for fear of "obstacle" the less. However, since the words to his mouth, read come again very catchy, knowing dangc wungh Fu feeling. Jin Shengtan's theory of "obstacle", "crime" of the law said:
The husband wit of the text, then it is not to avoid it, and have not made this place, special since the crime, and thus avoid...... Mistakes and can avoid obstacle avoidance, so some, if not guilty but to avoid it, but to avoid what avoid talking? Therefore, it can not avoid difficult, really made of. (consistent Yokado group of "outlaws of the marsh")
It seems, to the mouth, bad back. Like others have bridal sedan door, advocate of Qi, inevitably, to curtain relative. Though there is no bride, stomach try to out some pent up "good", in order to give the day after a prize.
Although the words if, but you really want to say "in Book innate Yan Ruyu" good, this kind of "good", also is only one heart wishful thinking of "good", held not reason.
Childhood reading "the Analects of Confucius", often read "qiaoxiaoqianxi, eyes hope Xi", will have a very "bright" feeling, just light, is to be the "assertion Su painting after, or this is the earliest" Yan Ruyu "impression. Than the later "looks at", less state, more than a little clumsy. But a "complexion", not "facial features".
Until you read, read "Lady fair" is gradually much rise, Nuwa empress, Baigu Jing, Ishii Koko, the goddess of mercy, amanda...... A cloud of gas like to hide inside the brain, but not very respectively, are a "new moon" kind of facial features, each looks surprisingly consistent. This is the front yard, see the "front", she went around to the backyard "". On the back of powdery paint, is the "plot" (because and Book irrelevant pages, not very fond of, can tear off).
Draw up, still is a woman. A few tick egg like face, curved curved eyebrows, eyes, nose is half a triangle, mouth always closed. Then looked intently, and in the face on a few points pock, such "Yan Ruyu" increasingly closer. Always turn to draw the body, shoulder high, and mild. This shoulder, only suitable for wearing a uniform or Chinese tunic suit, so button is unavoidable.
This painting is the most critical part, not sloppy. Find a ruler, pencil in the body midline, a thin, such as wearing buttons is online "ice Tomatoes on sticks", one after another, there is little painting crooked. Clothing is always empty, not plump.
Wait for the sexes, they must secretly in the chest two strokes on the arc, just the thought of "chest" two words, then the ears red, had to pass the "color" to cover. With the colour blue pen, turn the enclosure Tu, Tu Tu Tu Tu here, there, painted to half, and no longer care of her, only to end up "half blue" look, thought it "blue" or greenish blue, blue, gray hair. Such a "semi blue" resting in the book, many years, always to meet, dazzling very.
After a long time, I do not know where to pen Xing, going to take the rest of the "half" painted. The original blue early become blue gray, fill the pen is the same blue sea water, so the color uneven. At first glance, some yellow, like those put the years in the ark of clothes, take them out and drying to the sun, hit the dust of time.
The book on the edge, on the back of the book also greatly small painting full of the "Yan Ruyu", not graceful, not to mention the beauty. Most of the time like pictures, always facing, plate cathode, no shrugged movement, always breasted a empty blue.
Until the day the new society, the Chinese book on the map is also gradually much rise, then the "trace" than "painting" much finer, one time "Yan Ruyu" were also all side to face, showing high nose profile, the radian, also do not know how to describe, but every time the line arc not the same, there are few satisfactory. Fig. many, also will mess up here, "Liu Yemei" over there "Hongxiutianxiang", and to prevent the cold where stretched out a snow-white arm, exactly as their own painting complacent in the heart.
The "Yan Ruyu" heart, as time goes by, gradually blurred, only a few arc, a few lines, a few buttons. So far, read "in Book innate Yan Ruyu", like the former residence still, mistress of the house was gone, so empty, only empty syllable.