"What, still feeling" Zhao Zhao Changjiang Literature Press in 2005 January edition of 25 yuan
"After dark" Haruki Murakami Shanghai Translation Publishing House in 2005 15 yuan in April
"Good year" Peter Mel Shanghai Translation Publishing House in 2005 15 yuan in April
Choose a best-selling book reading, is a good way to spend holidays -- a book since it can sell well, certainly has its benefits. For example, the "what", still feeling a began, people have always said that this book is through drama fire up, now TV has broadcast end, love to see this book people has increased, after all is said and done, or Zhao Zhao story hit the modern urban life pain.
Many people praised the novel Zhao Zhao look good. Indeed, this novel can let people and read, read even after pondering over: Stories of men and women like how our side of things? Say good novels originally many, but after reading can make people so exclamation, I'm afraid not much. Zhao Zhao said the name of the book is really a thief, in fact, modern people most likely to move is the feelings of the most vulnerable places or feelings, Zhao Zhao read this book, perhaps can heal.
Zhao Zhao the story moving, conclusion it would make people a little discouraged. Sometimes reading a book and not to know the truth, but hope to catch a dream. The best is a beautiful, exotic dreams, such as Provence.
Peter Mel to Provence as the theme of the novel and blogs have sold for ever: "Provence", "a dog's life opinion", "mountain years", "the taste"...... Read about these names, it is enough to feel a dreamlike beauty. These books about travel, speak, speak Food legend, readers indulge in exotic dream at the same time, also experienced a heart tour general. The recently published "good year" continued Peter Mel usual magic -- is also Provence's blue sky and white clouds, Provence vineyards and Wine, Provence love -- although compared with the previous works and have no what too big breakthrough, but still as charming. We're not really going to go to Provence, but Peter Mel's pen, our spirit and Provence was so close......
Say popular, Peter Mel is actually quite popular, but and the Haruki Murakami ratio, but can only stand aside, such as Zhao Zhao's rising star, is a tribute only looked at Haruki Murakami's sales share -- General best-selling writer of books lead fad, Haruki's work has changed the popular culture. It is also because there are so serious position, Haruki Murakami to eight hundred out of a book, just to commemorate the 25 anniversary of their debut.
From the "after dark", Murakami Mi is getting old. But old Haruki did not lose the edge, his melancholy and meditation is to attract young boys and girls, he always to look life in the face of "evil" in the book is admirable efforts. As a best-selling author, Haruki works in the real concern and compassion is amazing, and in the description of a prostitute by Johns beaten violence in the novel, Haruki Murakami's observation seems to have reached a different height.
"After dark" is a rather grey story, read such a book may not be too pleasant experience in holiday inside. But there are plenty of people who loved Haruki for readers. With Haruki brand assurance, more a little bit of sunshine at the end of the novel, "after dark" is worth a look down.
Holiday reading, must not only best-selling novel. In fact, to the bookstore inside double, easy reading variety is many, both picked up which a, we can spend a relaxing and interesting holiday.
- Popular
"World where you don't know"
Katayama Koichi
Qingdao publishing house in 2005 January
19.80 yuan
To tell the truth, Katayama Koichi is not popular, although already was the king of pop him in japan. Hill's novel, known as the "pure love", "call for love" from the novel to the TV movie in the center of the world, all star. And now the "world you do not know that in the local operation" is his debut. A recent piece of the mountain's 4 novel, while the introduction of publishing, menacing, considering he in Taiwan sales results, perhaps soon will pop.
"Angels &amp; demons"
Brown
People's Literature Publishing House in 2005 March
25 yuan
From the beginning of "the Da Finch code", Brown has become the hottest global book world figure, in the just announced the British Book Award, "the Da Finch code" also won the book of the year honor. In this situation, all his works began to have continued to launch, and have been occupied global ranking champion, such as the "angels and Demons". From the novel point of view, we can at least say, this book and the "the Da Finch code" as good-looking.
- Culture
"Pan Jinlian's hair"
Meng Hui
Jiangsu people's publishing house, 2005 March
34 yuan
Meng Hui's prose is quite beautiful, with the contents of the book is more beautiful. From the title we can know, this is about the ancient culture of fashion book. Meng Hui from ancient literature numerous restores all sorts of fashionable life history