The oldest and most avant-garde exhibitions this year met in Beijing century altar, refraction of the fusion of Chinese and Western culture
George Pompidou once described: "contemporary art, is fundamentally contradictory: it is like mathematics, is like a lyric poem; the cult of the authentic and the attitude of avant-garde; it is the outbreak of all colors and happy, also is a negation of all things, including on its own; it is persistent, extending to the future. This is not a response to our world today?" This sleek sentences seem equally can describe the rapid development in modern Beijing. On an ongoing quest to become a "world city" and speeding the expansion of cities, art is not only the spiritual home of a few people, also related to economic development, and the image of the city. A great city has the ability to accommodate the most ancient and most fashion, and will not back down in the face of new things.
New wave art exhibition, French artist works "Huxian" Chinese make audience feel familiar with Chinese. Photo by Zhou Xiaodong
Now China century altar also has the oldest and the most avant garde exhibition, the 26 opening of the "Chinese civilization -- century National Treasures Exhibition II" show is 213 pieces of Chinese national treasures, and yesterday the opening of the French new wave of contemporary art exhibition of 87 pieces of France 40 years of contemporary art. Obviously, the former is more China accepted by the masses, the exhibits offer nearly 1100000000 yuan, every member of the audience only 30 seconds to visit Gansu Dayun Temple Buddha relic area this speculation color behavior stimulate more interest.
Ancient and modern collision in the audience to pay more attention to "expensive" exhibits
A China century altar management often operate various exhibition told reporters, "in fact at present, most of the audience of Beijing or the like to see that the insured up to the number of how many million exhibits, as you say, how to explore in art, how meaningful it doesn't work". In fact this in any country is normal, relics of ancient Egypt, the Impressionists such classic exhibition attracted people far more than the contemporary art exhibition.
The French contemporary artists have apparently not known to the well-known degree. France has achieved a great success in China's exhibition is held in the National Art Museum of China last year of French Impressionist exhibition, the number of audience of 300000 people is enough to make it one of the world's ten largest exhibition 2004. Of course, impressionism has already entered the art history textbooks, the exhibition was also the highest leadership attention both france. Marshall Reis, Eduardo Arrojo, Christian Boltanski these contemporary artists name clearly not so well-known.
Comparison of the new wave of contemporary art and the "century of national treasure" is an interesting topic, "new wave" shows the contemporary art intervenes in society's attitude, they always make clever reaction to contemporary politics, entertainment, culture, their use of technology, music and language are the contemporary, and the "Century national treasure" condensed history, led us to the discovery of ancient history in sequence into your own cultural root.
"The main problem of Beijing art exhibition or select view is too small"
In fact, in China conditions, large exhibition at present are government supported projects, and art galleries, art institutions is very difficult to bear alone the exhibition huge insurance expenses.
Beijing exhibition venues and the audience is often the biggest beneficiaries, generally important government projects will be exhibited in Beijing. Perhaps for this reason also, let Beijing's National Museum of art, Museum exhibition projects lack of own development ambitions and pressure, compared with the Shanghai Museum has in large exhibition planning experience.
"The main problem of Beijing art exhibition or select view is too small, especially in the aspects of contemporary art in London, New York, you can see a lot of countries in the world of the artist's solo exhibition, group exhibition in Beijing, and so few opportunities." Involved in the operation of sina tide exhibition project Cui Qiao said, "and the museum education, our education needs development, a lot of people are to see the exhibition exhibits price rather than value".
- Keywords
"New wave" of Art
Since 1958, France, a large number of young director to anti tradition and anti authority position taken is different from the mainstream commercial film "new wave films. Later, the "new wave" from the film expanded into video art of the last century 80's, 90's and other photography recent digital image visual art category. A representative of "new wave" of film as the painter born director Jean Luc Godard.
The Pompidou Center
Pompidou center is one of the Le Louvre Museum, the Orsay Museum and said the three museums in Paris, was founded in France, former president George Pompidou's advocacy, specialized collection of modern and contemporary art world. It belongs to the "Museum of Contemporary Art" since twentieth Century to the present the most representative of the French and the world of modern form of works of art.
Century national treasure exhibition
2000 century National Treasures Exhibition is the first exhibition of China century altar, is national treasures in the domestic first large-scale concentrated display of museum. The main content of archaeological artifacts by composition, time from 5000 BC to the Tang Dynasty, a total of 141 pieces of cultural relics on display. In 2005, China century altar held a "Chinese civilization -- century National Treasures Exhibition II" on 2000, is the national treasure exhibition brand extension.
- curator interviews
National Museum Outreach Ministry exhibition room director, "century national treasure exhibition II" plan one of Chen lie:
"The cultural difference