The community and the commercialization process of power and resistance coexist, the survival of the state of Beijing contemporary art perspective
Even in the world of art, for the majority of people "to talk about money" is more efficient than talking about the topic of art. In the continuous expansion of the market system, art is also no exception. The behavior of the market will be opening in May of Chinese International Gallery Exposition is a standard, good China art market overseas galleries will use the opportunity to test the depth of the forerunner, and it had been opened in Beijing branch. In the most concentrated Gallery Dashanzi Art District, rich colors of the second annual "community activities Dashanzi International Art Festival" will also be opening, and around the development of this region produces many topic -- commercial and art circle, city development path, the development of cultural industry, city planning and expansion of freedom, artists and community topic for people to ponder.
First Dashanzi International Art Festival, in order to "light and sound / time" as the theme, "Achang stick" is noteworthy performance art,
The second session of the Dashanzi International Art Festival theme is "language / fable" is worth looking forward to.
The first China International Gallery Fair held last year also showed Chinese market appeal, has 79 galleries in,
Become one of the highest standards of Asia art expo. The second session of the Chinese International Gallery Exposition will be more attention.
The Dashanzi International Art Festival: an art community growth
Taxi import Dashanzi is one of the most concerned about the topic that the artist Huang Rui. Last year on the eve of the first Dashanzi Art Festival opening, owning property in the region of Qixing group announced a ban on social vehicles to enter, then this provision has been preserved. This year the artists have jointly launched the second Dashanzi Art Festival, art festival artistic director Huang Rui said, this time scale than last time also grand, but until the details such as the taxi import now that has not been solved.
The government under the care of Art Festival airness
In 2004 April, Dashanzi Art District artists decided to hold the first "Beijing Dashanzi International Art Festival", but in the opening of four days, the rental property, Seven Star Group suddenly take action -- they think this is not a non law approved by the relevant government departments, into the opposition held an art festival and prohibited from society vehicle. But in the government under the care of the Arts Festival, renamed "2004 Dashanzi Art District Art Exhibition" normal.
The artist and the star group in stalemate after a few months, and eventually to the star group demolition peripheral buildings, the government decision to retain the core architectural art district ended.
In 2005 February the Dashanzi Art Park artists commissioned professor Li Xiangqun to the Beijing City People's Congress put forward "on the Dashanzi Art District formally organized the Dashanzi International Art Festival of the motion", suggested one is authorized to Dashanzi Art District artists formally organized the Dashanzi international art festival. Li Xiangqun tells a reporter, his proposal also recommends that the government give aid to, the Dashanzi International Art Festival from positive guidance and assistance, make it become a Beijing city official cultural project, because the blank Dashanzi Art Festival "will fill the Beijing contemporary art field has no large folk art activities". In 2004, he has presented "to retain an old industrial building heritage, to retain a growing Arts District" was introduced to the Beijing Municipal People's congress. The bill has caused the city leaders attention, make the contradiction between the artists and the star group can be mitigated, star group also began and artists have communication.
Huang Rui said, Chaoyang District government quite concern for this activity, in April 27th they have and Jiuxianqiao Street office, seven star group negotiation during the festival, the traffic safety problem. But he stressed the hope that the government will formally give parlance, they reply waiting for Professor Li Xiangqun's bill, "we still hope to get government authorization, because this will clear the Art District, the future direction of art festival".
The interest problem Arts District horizon
In the government, the core of Dashanzi Art District part will be preserved, but the art development in the future is not very clear. The first is the Seven Star Group for the future development of the arts district is not clear. Another problem is with the reality of this area famous, plant rental price per square metre per day from the original 8 corner up to the current 1 yuan 5 angle around a few artists, forcing the withdrawal of art district.
However, the number of Art District gallery is still rising. Has the Cheng Xindong Art Center settled this year, evergreen gallery will open in May 8th from Italy. They hope that through the establishment of the gallery in the Dashanzi, can let China contemporary artists in a yet to be widespread cognition area showing, but also explore China young artist to enter the international art.
Li Xiangqun revealed a subordinate part of Peking University also intends to set up a school of art here, so he Dashanzi overall development trend of optimism. Art Zone Dashanzi artist for future views vary, most artists "Dashanzi International Art Festival" role. However, there are also not willing to disclose the name of artist complaining about "more and more famous, art but less and less". Huang Rui admit Art Festival in the process of organizing and stuttering, "everyone's attitude is very positive, only the interests of many problems, there is no dispute in large part".
International Gallery Exposition: Art