Last night in the Rotorua Hotel, we 2 women enjoyed a nearly an hour global geothermal hot springs, hot spring bath is said to have many kinds, each kind of water contains various minerals, can alleviate the disease and pain of different. Lying in the steaming hot springs, these days go sightseeing spots about fatigue alleviate many. Skin second days feeling also is very delicate, slippery. "Rotorua Maori Crater Lake" is the meaning of. To Rotorua, natural to see it at the fountain, in the imagination of the scene must be very exciting. Indeed, we can see that it "Dudu" bubbles in a mud pool, while a drum, a leap, I aim at the moment flying time, full of interesting. Continue to move forward, far saw puff of white, foggy, rolling to fly into the sky. "See, this is hot springs, geysers!" Through the pedestrian walkway bridge structures, we came very close, white hot gas continuously from the mud pool surface jumping, the formation of fog, with sulfur smell pungent, the temperature reached 200 degrees Fahrenheit or more. Some large stones near the sulfur smoke left traces of yellow green, just like the color pattern, metaphor is something like the "painter palette". "If put an egg in the pool, immediately before the." Guide says with a smile. "There, suffering from hemorrhoids friends can go to sit, healing well, no more than 10 minutes Oh, should not bear." We looked over the open stone surface step, by the midday sun hope the sun. "Couldn't stand the heat ah!" A try back smile said. Friends of the trip are laughing. Feel, look at Rotorua geothermal fountains, is really cool, it left me with a beautiful and unforgettable memory! Maori Lake Taupo Taupo beautiful city is located in central Kitajima Masa beautiful, with New Zealand's largest lake - Lake Taupo as the center. Lake Taupo area of 680 square kilometers, 161 meters deep. In fact it is in itself a crater in the area around the lake, there are several places have hot spring. Lake Taupo from Rotorua 1 hours drive. Here the blue sky blue sea, green grass, only a few black swans wandering among them; here you can take a boat fishing, can lay the green Ping, can play together and seabirds; here is a good place for people to leisure meditation.