Qianxi million peak forest
Qianxinan sits on numerous water varies, the ancient folk customs, "Kingdom of Karst", "the most beautiful scar on the earth", "Yelang" reputation, the whole territory is called "natural gallery". Rare is that there is no bustling tourist, can contented between heaven and earth.
Geography:
Southwest Guizhou Buyi and Miao Autonomous Prefecture is located in the southwest of Guizhou Province, is located in Yunnan, Guangxi and Guizhou provinces with the Department, is the Yunnan Guizhou Plateau southeast edge mountains to the Guangxi hilly transitional slope zone. A pleasant climate, there is "little spring city" said.
The natural landscape: assumes.
Southwestern Guizhou churchyard landscape all show, was listed as the Triassic Karst national geological park. Xu Xiake praised here the natural landscape as the "heaven extrameridian, earth must" geographical expert evaluation of Chinese Academy of Sciences; as "a yellow fruit of the Zhuang, two of the Three Gorges of the risk, three of four Jiuzhai Huanglong Qi, beauty, five Guilin show."
Ground fissure spectacle -- Ma Linghe Canyon known as "gutter slit hundred waterfalls Valley", "the most beautiful scar on the earth". Canyon is about 75 km long, the maximum depth of 280 meters. The canyon to the slit gorge, group of waterfalls hanging practice, calcium carbonate hanging Karst landscape as the remarkable characteristic, set "hung, extraordinary and dangerous, quiet, strong, beautiful, beautiful" as a whole. The most unusual when the number of calcified wall waterfall gorge landscape, nearly a hundred waterfall along this calcification cliff volley down, flying splash Yu Chu, spectacular.
Canyon climax when drifting in crevices and under the waterfall. If the Maling River Grand Canyon is a gallery of words, then, was adrift in this gallery, is a not only pleasing to the eye, but also can experience a thrilling magical experience.
Southwest of Clipsal -- million peak forest Xingyi million peak forest is located in the middle and lower reaches of the East and west coasts of Maling River Canyon, a total area of 2000 square kilometers, divided into East and West peaks peaks. The East Peak Forest rough Xiongqi, Xifeng forest tall and straight and beautiful. Walking in the peak forest, surrounded by the eight party to welcome the breeze, view scenery, Mu Baihua odd incense, listening to a million birds singing, as in Wonderland in the mountains.
Wan Feng set show print a lake - Lake Wanfeng Lake area of 160 square kilometers, the lake has more than 1000 peaks constitute a thousand island or peninsula, said "the Qiandao Lake". Especially the locals as "mirage", "Wan Feng set show" toon saddle camp lake.
Human landscape: * * *
Southwestern Guizhou has a long history and many historical sites. Living here has the Buyi, Miao and other 33 ethnic groups, ethnic cultural diversity.
The ancient Yelang site: Xingyi is located in the castle town, here have discovered the timbal mountain site, unearthed stone, bone and so many cultural relics and the period of Qin and Han village ruins. The resulting from the ancient Yelang country here archaeological conjecture.
In addition, Guizhou dragon fossil site and Museum, Liu's manor, the former residence of He Yingqin and other cultural relics have ornamental value.
Ethnic customs: in Nanlong Buyei ancient village, you can enjoy the ancient stone stockaded village and ancient batik cloth. Buyi music "music sitting singing" must see oh. "Music" originated in the Northern Song Dynasty, popular in Southwest Guizhou Buyi area. The music is composed of bone (bone, horn Hu Hu MA), piano, flute, cucurbit Yueqin, Leyou, thorn drum, small hairpin and so on Buyi instrument composition, known as the "living fossil of sound".
The friendship reminder
Travel: travel to the southwestern Guizhou pleasant weather, round. Spring flowers, summer wheat roll, autumn wo Huang Shuhong, winter mountains still leisurely.
Can not taste: Shu Ji pole surface, Liu Ji Xingyi mutton powder, brush head, dog, chicken soup, Guizhou Chun park.
Gift: Anlong Cao Huaping, Buyi batik cloth, batik, batik clothing.
Along the not to be missed: Tianlong fort town, Huangguoshu Waterall, Qingyan Town etc..
A corner of Qingyan ancient town
Qianxi area falls the masses more than