Hangzhou West Lake Gushan Mountain, was buried with the generation of the poem monk su. His grave is in Xiling bridge south side of bridge. In the early years, Professor Liu Dabai visited the tomb after Mansfield yin:
The sun shadow hanging in poetic soul, caress tower form a Quewen. Who sent a monk with the courtesan, xileng Su Fen River Bridge two.
Qi to prostitute Su Xiaoxiao's tomb is also in Xiling Qiao Bei Tu, two grave stand far apart facing each other, and Liu Shi has "Xi Qiao Ling pan two Su Fen". The southern society founder Liu Yazi each to Hangzhou will go to the tomb of his poems to Manjusri, tao:
Solitary Hill tower rests, pity I Peng Ying Ru near again. Red cherry bear, white Pinggui therefore still. Bu, Wu Dong Hai Si ex, homage to West Ling and the edge. Quiet was beginning to emerge, a niche incense ceremony Kuangchan.
Liu Yazi sighed "elegant in manner, attitude and speech I as", also summarizes Manjusri life story, said he was "pretty unique Southern first monk", and comments on his poem "fortunately thought things, the language nature, syllable harmony. In short, but naturally to him ".
Su Manshu is read the poem is a song "I": "the plants too hastily, without residue of spring flowers have empty. Self is the deity became small exile, do not need to regret a face." This poem is the beginning of the two poem monk life portrayal.
The story of his life, sad and moving. He was born in Japan in 1844. The father of Su Jiesheng, and a son named if female cohabitation, the birth of manjusri. Not a few months, if the son away, by the father's concubine and he's brought up. Su Jiesheng is the Fragrance Hill Giant, have a wife at home parenting, after returning home, because the volume and he's not big woman, soon returned to Japan alone. Su Jiesheng made the Manjusri European literature learning Spanish priest in Hongkong. After the father died, the source of economic disruption, had to drop out of school to home, and because of his fiancee Huihun, in the family, Mansfield transverse disagreeable, and abandon the world of mortals, a monk in Guangzhou Piti longevity temple, "Manjusri" two words is his name, was only 12 years old. The following year went to Japan to study painting, politics. Returned after, the Spanish priest to move for his due, Mansfield has converted to Buddhism, but flatly refused, to Siam (now Thailand) to study sanskrit. After returning to Lingyin Temple in West Lake with the Sanskrit had into the "code" eight volumes, painted "Gushan map", "karma" series of compilation of literature, writing, translation a lot of novels, joined the Liu Yazi organized by the southern society, culture and education of China, made great contributions. 1918 suffering from gastrointestinal illness died in Shanghai Guangci hospital, aged only 35 years old. In his life, I like Akiyanagi Ochiba, just as he himself says, is "a lone monk freely flowing style of writing".
Mansfield body in Japan, often miss the motherland, nostalgia Hangzhou. He has a song "memory" road, West Lake:
Spring floor head foot eight flute, when to see Zhejiang tide? A straw broken bowl no knowledge, over the first few cherry bridge?
"Rule eight Xiaos" is a kind of flute of Japan's, like Xiao Qu in China, the famous "spring rain", Yin deep desolate desolate, the smell of death. When the revolutionary party is dedicated to the overthrow of the Qing Dynasty, the restoration of the Chinese, the raging tide of revolution, be raging like a storm, he to the cloud: "you are friends of acoustic vibration Han day, want to have two public talk pleasantly and intimately in Ying light, not reaching the exotic, wisdom, but God Chi around the ear." Visible, "when to see Zhejiang tide" is not only the memory of West Lake, but want to join in the revolution, and those who have the common fight. From the poem, we can see a drift exotic monk, wore straw sandals, holding the broken bowl, stroll in the cherry blossom covered bridge, hearts miss the motherland's situation.
Now know Su Manshu who has not much, but in the "five four" era, many young people love and worship him, some sought his relics, some pondered his Muta, and even some female students put his pictures hanging on the curtain that dear, because of his life, his literary attainments, he wrote stories such as "lonely wild goose", "the crimson gauze", "burn" sword remember, really touching, win the people's sympathy and miss.
