Liang Qichao's relationship with Japan is to carry on. "Wu Xu coup" in the future, is to take the initiative to rescue the legation in Japan, he was able to exile, rotary in Tokyo as a stronghold, continue to engage in political activities. Fourteen years later, he returned to the motherland, and Japan still have contacts. Yuan Shikai became the emperor, general Cai E rose to the guardian in Yunnan, Liang is secretly helping in Japan, South to help Cai Taoyuan success. It was also during this time, he thoroughly understand the Japanese militarism, delusional annexed Chinese ambitions, thus changing the view of japan. When my late father Wu Qichang in Tianjin division, see every day dear visitor, Mr Leung will frown, even call hate hate, terrible; but still have to cap out. In 1927 the new autumn, Mr. Leung was the father of detailing its knowledge transformation process, through the evening of insomnia.
Liang said: "I in the battle before the Lord Protector, mind devoid of Anti Japanese thought. Not only against the Japanese, but feels lovely chin. After the battle of the Lord Protector, awesome and terrible side felt that hateful. Wu Xu coup fled to Japan, my dear emerging, a new country after the Meiji government, active optimism, diligence Lijin, actually will be a historic no small small smell, to become new powers as modern civilization, breathe the morning Xiaofeng, cerebral Qing Shen shuang. To look back the Qing government boss decadent, tired of long disability, dirty, by contrast, more sleep day lovely respectable. When they said they sincerely hope China revival, is willing to work with Chinese side by side as a world power, I also believe firmly. "Japanese people did save Liang's life, but it is really hope China revival, side by side in East Asia? Until then, the beam to see light suddenly: Japan at that time, is eager to climb the world civilization countries listed, everywhere want to imitate the Western European countries, see modern political Europe, protect his country's political convictions, so want to walk, can boast of its level of civilization, but also can reach the control China. This is the real purpose.
But Liang Qichao really see Japanese militarism cunning sinister, or before and after the battle of the Lord protector. He said: "later on he Changxiong people have encouraged Yuan Shikai in Pirates of the country became the emperor, I began to feel its hateful. Then the Japanese government proposed twenty-one forced yuan admit, in exchange for their support for the monarchy, I now known that cruel hateful, but not yet aware of its cunning terrible also poison. "And when the song Po a randomly battle, Liang decided to go south to help. Yuan Shikai sent monitoring, day and night to guard the door. In the spring of 1916, beam had to buy Rubber (Tianjin people call the rickshaw pullers with clothing, clothing) to escape in the night. Yuan Fajue, kill will alarm, and released "service won the Liang Qichao, the command executed", printed on the photograph, the Qing court arrest is more tightly. So Liang Qiguai is: "I since the ferry via Shanghai to Hong Kong, where a road gave don't know will die, but secretly like God guard, change danger into safety, turn calamities into blessings, repeatedly thinking, not the solution. "To Hongkong, Japanese public assistance in a flagrant way, at this time, he suddenly" side along the dark protector non deity is also, but also on people. From Hongkong to Vietnam, they is all mobilization, all officials, military and civilian spy ronin, all to help me, although children and grandchildren things father cannot pass. Ask yourself why you love me, he in me, but in my case? "After much thought, he called himself" can not help with one's hair standing on end, shiver all over though not cold, Fang Jue Yin malicious day people sinister, called Tiger greed wolf, still not. "It concluded:" the future for the death of my death I will day, people also, not alert. "
Japan after the Meiji Restoration, the implementation of militarism, outward expansion, aggressive neighbors. In the face of Chinese political chaos, the late Qing Dynasty unknown outcome, it was his bets, period in the bag. Therefore, a pro Yuan Shikai proclaims oneself emperor, side secretly assist anti yuan fighter, heart nothing is impossible, this so Leung feel ghastly also. Mr. Liang readme on the Japanese understanding of the policy process, I think is true. Cai E later died in Japan, deepened his wariness. My father talked about current events per and rumors, he often doubts whether the "Oriental" rumors, even Jiang Jieshi out to Japan, he also worry will by day plot. Beam of conversation, or by day visit to interrupt, Noir Lianhu: "hate hate, and to" defend "me, terrible! "In 1928, the Northern Expedition army approaching Beijing. Due to historical reasons, he had to go abroad to read on the germination of refuge, my father said: "I am unable to go to the United States, will be temporarily to North Korea's reclusive North Korea, as science, history or the Korean case studies, you can follow me to help? "Instead of thinking about his native Japan. Source: [Ta Kung Pao]
