Chen Yifei is for his paintings.
One spring afternoon 15 years ago, it was raining a misty drizzle. We walk into a gallery. Suddenly they saw the flute blonde woman. I immediately fell in love with this elegant picture. It's hard to reject a kind of beauty. Deep and quiet, to give you a lot of thoughts. That is a great copy, and copy the incomparably beautiful. We immediately bought the painting at the time, with expensive price. The picture was taken in the home has been covered with silent raindrops.
Then the picture is hung on the wall. Then there is an eternal strong sad place. Flute woman eyelids droop, as on a flute finger is so beautiful and slender, as she played silence and pathos music.
This poem is generally quiet a beautiful picture, then in our feeling is everywhere.
Then you will often hear, flute sound suddenly beside you sounded slowly. Then I more like the quiet dark at night listening to music for Flute, and stubbornly hope flute is certainly a beautiful woman.
This painting gives me is not only the visual impact, because it almost influenced my future creation. Then I published in the Writers Publishing House's novel "the kingdom of heaven lovers", don't know why the editor of art have never met, even with a flute woman image made me the cover of the book.
Since then began to pay attention to each painting work of Mr Chen Yifei. From the "west wing to be months", to "Jade River", to "Xunyang rhyme", always like.
Really met Mr. Chen Yifei in the fall of last year. That time we accompany USA friends go to Shanghai to watch the F1 game. To Shanghai will go to the new world, and to the new world is naturally going to Mr. Chen Yifei's "Layefe house". I have several times been here, to store art always show special preference to. That night, when we just entered the "Layefe house", Mr Chen was lightly descended the stairs. So magical, we finally come face to face with Mr. chen.
The evening of April 10th, I heard Mr. Chen died the news, so amazing, dare not believe. The moment we are sad mood, the language used to describe. Is long to stay online. Just to find out all the items related to Mr. Chen, to cherish the memory of him.
Later, in people's a sigh, that Mr. Chen was closed on he was director of the film "the barber" in. Although we do not know the striking one snag after another movie is the story of how, but Mr. Chen in which devoted the effort that eventually life, but one can imagine.
So people began to wonder, "but", "why" this sorry sound can be heard without end. People all say Mr. Chen should not ignore the disease, even ignoring life.
But Mr. Chen has been attached to his art chariot. Chariot once started, will not rotate any more people can stop the wheel, even Mr Chen himself. So, in that post he loved best, at the end of his art of the moment, has completed his life.
As an artist's death, Mr. Chen should be deserved no regrets. As he lies dying in his favourite film. Mr. Chen has repeatedly said that he was so love movie. The film is his dream started from the age of 16. He is dead, is dead in her 16 year old dream.
Who said this is not a perfect farewell?
Mr. Chen 60 years old birthday is April 12th. Heard that the rainy days of Shanghai. Then we heard the distant sound of a flute rang again. The singing. The whimpering like walking. The solemn deep. But slowly, in the treble area, flute brilliant up, so bright and passionate......
It was to see Mr. Yi Fei off.
Author brief introduction: Zhao Mei, writer, Tianjin, Tianjin City Federation of the current creative director, National People's congress. Once won the Lu Xun literature prize, fourth, the fifth national ethnic literary award.