"What a feed one's sight on!" A watch "Chinese civilization -- century National Treasures Exhibition II" audience such sighed. "Chinese civilization -- century National Treasures Exhibition II" yesterday in the China Millennium Monument was unveiled, Shakya Muni Mami relic, the Western Han Dynasty jade clothes sewn with gold thread, Lingjiatan jade 213 pieces of national treasures will be in the last two months and the audience face to face.
Reporter in the interview to understand, divided into new archaeological discoveries in the new period and China Buddhist art of the two part of this national treasure exhibition. New discoveries in archaeology part will mainly display of precious cultural relics in recent years new archaeological discoveries, such as the earliest city Chinese Lingjiatan ruins, primitive tribe jade Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor acrobats, history official warriors and Xuzhou Shizishan Chu Tomb of the jade burial suit etc.. According to the introduction, these archaeological discoveries are the most important relics found in recent years was selected in the ten major archaeological discoveries in.
In addition, never open the exhibition Gansu Jingchuan Dayun Temple Buddha relic exhibition will also in close contact with the audience. China Archaeological Association chairman Xu Pingfang said, now the national annual newly discovered archaeological report very much, and all kinds of archaeological discovery and cultural organizations are hidden in different places, it is difficult to meet with the ordinary audience, the mass of these relics found very little understanding. So he thought to host such a large-scale cultural relics exhibition, is for the general public to understand the cultural relics, to understand an important opportunity of Chinese civilization.
Director of National Museum Outreach Ministry Exhibition Room Chen Lie told reporters, part of Buddhist art is concentrated display of the first Buddhist art development in the evolution process, China. "This time we show there are 50 museums to participate, is mainly to collect Buddhist art exhibit. The collection of the whole process of the exhibits from Dunhuang to Jiuquan, Maijishan to Sichuan, Dali, then Yunnan, traveled almost half a China, the entire collection process is not easy."
It is worth mentioning that, in the exhibition of Buddhist art special monarch a part of the "special exhibition of Buddhist relics of faith", it takes the Buddhist relics beliefs as the center, focused on the Buddhist relics container found in the stupa and hide in among the various items which. Reporters on the scene saw, Gansu Lingtai, Jiangsu Zhenjiang Ganlu Temple Temple mouth, Zhejiang Jinhua million at the relic stupa and the collection of related cultural relics especially attracted the attention of the audience. A man surnamed Liu hobby Sir told reporters, "before more is to see these things in TV, book, the observation of real feeling close to is not the same."
It is reported, this exhibition will continue until June 15th. In May 3rd, 4 days two days there are special Kam Po experts to visit the audience free Kam po.
- count of treasure most
The most exquisite exhibits - Langkawi -- Tan Yuying
Ling home Tan Yuying: Lingjiatan ruins of primitive tribe is the earliest city in China, shows that it found that before 5500, China appeared in city. Thousands of pieces of jade articles unearthed in Lingjiatan site, the production of fine, the shape of the United States, who shook our archaeological circles, was named the 1998 top ten archaeological discovery of new. Lingjiatan jade eagle are on display in this exhibition of 6.3 cm long, 3.5 cm high, can be said to be the shape of the exhibition in the smallest exhibits. The jade eagle double-sided carving, two wings spread, head and lateral right, the two wings inscribed pighead.
According to Chen Lie introduction, this piece of jade eagle is more than just an accessory, it is more a reflection of a belief. In addition to jade eagle, in the exhibition on display in the jade spoon, bracelet and other excavated Lingjiatan jade. Its production technology is quite exquisite.
The most unique exhibits -- the mausoleum of the first Qin emperor pottery figurine
The mausoleum of the first Qin Emperor Qinshihuang Mausoleum as everyone knows: the pottery figurines and more to Terracotta Army mainly, and the exhibition is on display in Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor history is unearthed pottery figurine, boating, pottery and acrobatic pottery figurine, very valuable cultural relics become because of its rare and. The reporter notices, acrobatic pottery figurine arms bare, the pottery figurine hand waving thing, from bare arm could see the muscles of the body in the form of exertion. According to Chen Lie said, this one acrobatic pottery figurine proved Chinese in the early Qin Dynasty in the art pottery to take into account the structure of the human body.
The most precious exhibits -- Xuzhou Chu tomb jade burial suit
Jade burial suit: now domestic found intact jade burial suit a total of 5, according to Chen Lie introduction, jade, jade is the best preserved and most complete is on display in the exhibition of the Chu tombs unearthed in Xuzhou jade burial suit. The jade consists of 4000 pieces and Tian Yu, all of the jade polished, process technology high. This set of jade burial suit in the unearthed gold, wearing jade piece has been tomb pumped out, the exhibition of unearthed jade clothes is re made of gold will jade pieces scattered wear system formed. Chen Lie introduced, and now in the archaeological discovery were found scattered jade, but well preserved only this one.
Jade burial suit is placed in the "artificial tomb", the audience through the tomb walls of wait-and-see mouth to enjoy.
The most mysterious exhibits -- Gansu Dayun Temple Buddha relic
Gansu Dayun Temple Buddha relic: in 1964, a farmer in Jingchuan County found a hole in the work, and unearthed from the entrance is the mystery Dayun Temple Buddha relic. The relics stored in a silver coffin in a small glass bottle, glass bottle show will be stored in a special room, for the audience to visit, everyone in the audience can only visit 30 seconds. Unfortunately, the audience can see only the glass bottles stored relics, relic of the true and the bottle
