The night under the gate square
The evening of September 18th, when the Chinese Traditional Festival Mid Autumn Festival on the occasion of lunar new year in August fifteen, by the China the Imperial Palace Museum, Shandong Weichai Power Limited by Share Ltd title sponsor of the "Ode to peace - Taihe invitation of Weichai Power" the night of Mid Autumn Festival reception was held in the Imperial Palace square in Beijing Taihe door. From the domestic government, cultural circles and business circles elite from all walks of life together such as intrauterine square ancient mysterious, express the contemporary people to the history of the memorial and the Chinese national future, toast to celebrate the mid autumn, to commemorate the 80 anniversary of the the Imperial Palace, the Chinese people's Anti Japanese War Museum for its 60 anniversary of the victory of the two activity again to a climax. The conference by the famous scholar Tian Qing and Phoenix headed Huadan Luyu Chen, chaired by Cao Jinghang.
Is the night, Beijing Gate Plaza lighting bright, almost a full house, rich cultural atmosphere. From opera, playing field, the performing arts masters to attendees at the dedication of the "homesickness" "Moon" in August fifteen month "bright" and other well-known traditional repertoire, a well-known performer Pu Cunxin, Wu Jun also read the "stream" congruent "snow falls on the land in China" and other well-known ancient and modern poetry, expression the excellent traditional culture of the Chinese nation and the nation prosperous hope memorial. In addition, from calligraphy and painting masters also scene splash ink, appreciation of classical paintings, calligraphy as a souvenir and leave. Art performers on stage brilliant performance won the applause of the guests from all walks of life, people riding Lang Lang moonlight, toast, about the ancient and modern, to express the contemporary China of history of mind and pray for the future of national rejuvenation.
Solo "Nessun DORMA" -- the famous tenor Mo Hualun
Violinist Chen Xi communicate with host Luyu Chen
This year is the eighty anniversary of the establishment of the Beijing Museum of the Imperial Palace, eighty years, the the Imperial Palace in Beijing to carry forward the Chinese nation's traditional culture, and made great contributions to the protection of valuable historical heritage in China; at the same time, this year is the sixty anniversary of the victory of the people's Anti Japanese China, gate square in Beijing the Imperial Palace was the North China Area Army surrendered to the Japanese aggressors Chinese governance in North China area eleventh theater ceremonies took place. It can be said, in the Forbidden City Hall of Supreme Harmony bear witness to the vicissitudes of the history of our country, has witnessed a great victory China people's war of resistance against Japan; sixty years later, a memorial activity in the same place, be no trivial matter. significance. It tells us to remember the history and the future, to the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation, for the people of all ethnic groups in the peace of the world and make unremitting efforts!
Pu Cunxin read
It is reported that from Weichai Power Limited by Share Ltd leader introduction, as the internal combustion engine research and development, manufacturing and sales of domestic well-known backbone enterprises, Weichai Power has been concerned about the development of the capital of culture industry, with the hope that this activity, to the Chinese Elite provide a better opportunity to exchange and places, expand enterprise development platform, rouses the national spirit, for the prosperity of the international cultural exchange, and further open up China's cultural heritage space contribute more!
Calligraphy performance
The party in the famous tenor singer Mo Hualun's song "Nessun DORMA" in the end, leaving the festival in Beijing a memorable night.
Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Wo", found 322079
A related web sites.