I recently heard that Jin Yong's novels to be included in the middle school Chinese textbooks in. I heard the first feeling after the thing is: This is April Fool's day a not too clever jokes and humor. If it is so, that really confirms my novel "I like love philosophy as love woman" in the sentence: it is an age of comedy. Maybe I understand a little reason behind this thing: some fashionable researchers seem to think: the novels of Jin Yong have literary value, its value lies in that Jin Yong in his martial arts world displays or showing the human. I think fundamentally this is pure nonsense. Let me feel strange: Jin Yong himself talked about their novel advantages, also had not narcissistic said: my story is mainly about the human nature, he also believes that the political, economic and so on will with the change of history and change of human nature, but is not easily change (the effect). The views and opinions rarely seems to be in doubt, now I'd like to ask: what is the performance of Jin Yong's novel the human or non-human nature shows? In my opinion, Jin Yong's novel is just not good to be able to describe human nature, Jin Yong's novels have not been included in the real literary creation because of its novel didn't truly excavate humanity, also did not have an accurate understanding of scored and of human nature. Yes, in the world of Jin Yong's novels is that there are many "emotion", "righteousness", "man", and the "Brotherhood of man" at first glance seems to is very beautiful and moving. But I want to remind people, don't be deceived by the illusion of the surface: Jin Yong "love" and "justice" and "man" of the world basically is the model of the world; the mode of display mode is not truly reflect the human nature, human nature can only model performance is a kind of human nature distortion, and the human nature is simple, the result is the human self reflection and cognition astray, into an illusory direction, and make people's aesthetic sensitivity decline. Literary and artistic creation is to avoid the human imagination, a good novel, the expression performance and reflect human nature should be rich and specific and delicate, and full of life and humanity of the detailed and meticulous observation, and full of real imagination. This is a keen observation can help human get rid of all kinds of funny illusion, make the mankind returns true, returns for inner real real. The kind of imagination will make people in a state of creative glow. For general readers, is to let them have an education and inspiration and imagination through the observation of the human nature. The concept of human nature is not an empty model. Human nature is rich in fresh concrete, and the history and reality of lively close contact. Human nature is human nature is fresh delicate rich, complex. Jin Yong's works take humanity simple, concept, mode. This is not the real performance and reflect human nature, this is perhaps on human nature is a non distorted. On the surface, Jin Yong on the simple understanding of humanity in general will not cause too much evil: for a reader or viewer, or even a good thing: in disorderly fashion life simple minded thinking on life is not necessarily a good thing, this kind of happy life may need to be easily deceived. But if the rise to a country and nation spirit level, that is different. Indeed, in this aspect of Jin Yong, Jin Yong is a let people shallow writer. I think Jin Yong in decades swept the Chinese world is really a sad thing we chinese. This argument I may have a little extreme, but it illustrates one aspect of some defects in our national spirit: no deep and strong longing of the soul, not out of curiosity will not bound senses, from the heart of the demand for innovation and creativity. The novel's influence and function, Jin Yong's novels are also fundamental and human impertinent. Well, Jin Yong's novel is brings people happiness, let people have a reposing in the boring time, from the formal point of view of human nature is enough, because it satisfies a public needs, meet a dream of mass. But precisely because of this, Jin Yong's novels from the bones to be inhumane, from deep in to see is a distortion of human nature. Jin Yong's world, the lack of "true", "truth", but also the lack of good, that is, the kind of people the soul upward stuff. Jin Yong's world is to let people the world of anesthesia, more and more of a superficial entertainment is connected, is linked to a kind of boring in the stimuli in. Excellent novels can give the reader brings joy, but that is often because of its human life profound insight, by virtue of its excellent great for the life of the imagination, by virtue of its performance on the human spirit and bring the joy of discovery. Although the present view of Jin Yong's novels is also very complex, but the essence of the novel is obvious: it satisfy a curiosity of people and established on the basis of satisfying entertainment, but entertaining and few true human nature profound content. The essence of Jin Yong s novels is stimulating entertainment. Stimulation of the senses is the essence in the excited state. Satisfy the curiosity of readers is the important basis of psychology. If too much curiosity is not wisdom but the senses, just a bit dangerous, especially for a nation. People found that: after reading the works of Jin Yong wisdom and sense their soul often dormant. This phenomenon in the viewing and reading people
