A reach the shore singer He Li, the singer a little-known Uighurs, a famous is just one step away from the genius, a simple and sincere poet, with a mind to write songs singing with the soul of a citizen of the world. The emergence of any force presented a strong challenge to the existing music order. He first asked: what is the real, valuable music? Obviously, by what force standards, all pop pop, quasi existing, metal non metal, on the ground or underground...... They're rubbish. Yes, garbage, is this a bit cruel words. The existing excessive packaging and industrial production produced form of music, music and lyrics style are the spiritual emptiness music performance, is the real price of goods is not the real performance and low taste, are anti music, are excreta vulgar not however, are moan and groan without being ill and manic, are no idea no culture. This not only reflects the serious shortage of the present music thought resources, but also directly show the music man fallen soul and ideal deletion. Charming decorated lyrics, false face, luxury and extravagance, everything has been with the spirits of music draw further apart, all is for music reactionary and betrayal, everything is only worthy of the clowns and the perversion of lower consumption. The established order to where power is a kind of hurt. Of all the soft people with natural love of art is also a kind of suffering. Unfortunately, people ah, we can't even make a resist, unable to make a choice, because, although their own heart, ears but others rule. Music is a specific form of pollution in most of the time, cannot defend consumer goods and the invaders a powerful. The existing form of music most just world to me to you busy. What power has been sticking to stare at the other side of the lonely and lonely. Two what is the real music let He Lilai tell us what is the real music. Music -- is poetry. Sunshine. Flower. Is mother. Is the road. Is the direction of. Is the hope. Is the ideal. The apex is happy. Is love. Comfort. Natural heartbeat and breathing. It is the soul of whispers and Qing Xu. It was a cold night in warm light. The lovers' timeless thoughts. Three I was music in 1970, he Li was born in Xinjiang Kuche. Kuche is ancient say "Qiuci", is the Tarim Basin in the northwest edge of the Taklamakan Desert Oasis City, the basin was "ancient society" author Lewis. Henry. Morgan is called "the cradle of human civilization". Historian Toynbee once said: "if you come to life once again, I am willing to students in the Tarim Basin, Kuche, because the crossing of four large human civilization are in there." In 1989, he force along the Silk Road to Xi'an, studying at the Shaanxi Normal University Chinese system. Also began writing music and poetry, the formation of the "foolish old man" the band to participate in various performances, produced certain effect in Xi'an University and society. In the ocean of literature, his works draw on the best and the positive factors of modern Chinese poetry, and efforts to restore the words and music true colours, widen the road for the combination of poetry and modern music. In 1993, graduated from the University of any force to Beijing, suffered including rock, world music, classical music, folk and western music baptism, began to find his own long and difficult exploration. He is like a sponge, absorbing the civilization factor enough of the Silk Road Dongnanxibei rich cultural atmosphere, and like a stone, and resolutely resist from the living, the temptation and pressure from the market, to find a new direction for my music. In 2003, he Li started making his debut music album, independently undertake the songwriting, playing, singing, arrangement work. He used a unique artistic perspective relates to the performance and the human world within the scope of the state of survival, caring for people, thinking on the issue of human nature, love, women, peace, environmental protection etc.. In 2005, the latest music where recording done that -- his works not only to maintain the modern Chinese music features strong, and not a simple geographical restrictions -- rooted in the China land, the tentacles expand to four, with an open posture throughout the integration and expansion of excellent folk music culture tradition. In the context of globalization, the diversity of today, what power in his own way to promote the culture of every nation in the era of globalization communication and fusion in an effort to add. He Li said: "I had the privilege of birth was conceived in the greatest Peking Opera, Shaanxi opera, flowers, Mukamu and other great folk artists on the land. The land determines the source of my music, direction and standard." He Li said: I was music. Four from suffering through what force in wrote in a song: arrive tomorrow people in the night. Stay reach the happiness of people passed through from suffering...... Suffering is so precious and be not easily won. The real suffering is in conscious and unmoved either by gain or loss in creeping. Her happiness with hard coat to arrive tomorrow. She tested the will of the people, she made people's soul. She put the seeds of spring quietly on your side but hold one's tongue in the winter, she was in the desert oasis Likaiken but you need never despair of pay the most extraordinary efforts to taste. However, suffering is no earthly person