Recently, a one-way journey across Europe and Asia 15 countries, travel more than 15000 kilometers, which lasted for 30 of Yu Tian's "2005 across the Eurasian French self driving tour" was officially launched, this activity is the Sino French culture year inter governmental international cultural exchange projects, will also become aware of a turning point two civilized country in-depth dialogue between China and france. In June 23rd, as the activities of the first group, the A group has officially starting from France Nantes.
Style index: * assumes
The event sponsored by the China France Culture Year organizing committee, Qingdao municipal government, Nantes municipal government in France, as the Sino French culture year colored activity was solemnly launched, so it has non with semi official nature in general, get the countries along the vigorously support and the convenience of the parties.
Activities will be displayed by the most earth journey from France to China's Qingdao City, Nantes City, each country sent a team moving in opposite directions, the drivers will pass through Mongolia, Russia, Poland, Germany, Belgium and other 15 countries, all the way to experience the amorous feelings of Eurasia, appreciate the honest folkway and unspoiled nature scenery, can enjoy the "just like love" French cuisine, you can see the beautiful scenery film "house of Flying Daggers" location. At the same time, participants will serve as the emissary of the Chinese culture, through the time and geographical shackles, and the limitations of the traditional culture, to every place of splendid Chinese culture to the team approach, of each participant, it will be an unforgettable experience of life, a time to experience the only chance in exotic civilization 15 the.
Have a fever index: assumes *
According to the organizers of the news, the event has attracted many hobbies ZiJiaYou and camping in the high-end people favor. Since June 10th the official after the ceremony, a short span of ten days, more than a hundred people to sign up, especially in the industry executives are more, the registration network click rate soared above the highest in recent years, in fact, when consulting pathway of MSNjsjs6688@hotmail.com throughout the day more than a thousand people consulting, heat triggered a climax in recent years ZiJiaYou activities.
Challenge index: assumes
It is reported that people participated in this activity, the concentration of self driving travel enthusiasts and camping enthusiasts all over the country is numerous, interestingly, senior architect of the construction industry and those engaged in the interconnection network work occupied for the number of 1/3. Reporters in a subsequent tracking interview, asked why to participate in this activity, referred to "this 4 word drive camping", each sign up people show strong interest, relish. From Shanghai, Mr. Ma, no doubt is a big player, in which he said, "Zijia You changed his life's width, experience from the wretched, then with driving and harvest in a time of adventure in the happiness and experience from his first love, are the activities of Mr. Ma description older vividly, and this across Europe and Asia, more than 15000 kilometers trip of Sino French navigator," will make my life width to half the earth ", Mr. horse humorous talking.
Safety index: assumes.
Mr. Zhang from Beijing, is a site of CEO, he is already become a family, he called himself a pay more attention to the quality of life of people, often use the weekend with his family to go out to play, especially like camping, but never participated in the activities of such long-term self driving tour, as a challenge, a risky attempt, Mr. Zhang in the learned this activity after the news gladly registration, "self driving travel as a new form of tourism, at present domestic software and hardware are relatively lagging behind, I don't want to travel is also considering these factors before. But this time, I am particularly about the activities of background information, that it is the government's semi official nature of the activities, and domestic and foreign professional camping company as the organizer, I asked several friends, they also have expressed support, after repeated consideration, I decided to attend -- after all, this opportunity is not much." Mr. Zhang said, "I love a challenge, but it is a kind of after determining an adventure after the safety factor, like investment."
With the index: assumes.
As a kind of more strenuous activity, enrolled in the self driving tour lady not, Miss Qin from Qingdao and thus become more out of the ordinary. As an electronic equipment company executive director, Ms. Qin said she has been very yearning has beautiful scenery of the Eurasian continent, especially for the leisurely atmosphere and romantic and world renowned french. "I have been longing to zero distance contact with authentic French, especially want to taste the" just like love "French cuisine, ha ha, in my circle of friends, I am a gourmet." Ms. Qin learned that this activity will for the first time with chef accompanied along the way can not only enjoy the exotic flavor of food, and to "to eat authentic Chinese food at the same time enjoy the exotic scenery, the feeling is wonderful."
Self driving tour as a new form of tourism, overseas already become common practice, although in China is just beginning, but whether it is a car club, or camp operators, and RV camping enthusiasts, of the new development direction of full of expectation. And from the French ZiJiaYou participants in the story, it is not difficult to find, whether it is ascetic hard, or campsites in the comfortable, they are eager to take risks, enjoy self driving camping, enjoy life. As a set of tourism and sports watch in a play, can realize the self driving car travel
