Their passion for China art market gradually warming, the current investment in Beijing art more and more foreign bank staff. But as the bank business projects, didn't seem to want fully involved - reporter Hu Jinhua "test the water, now also is only a test, after all, the first concern is the risk of foreign banks." East H.K.SOFTBILL International Auction Limited project manager Mr. Fan, just complete a busy spring 2005 "financial and collection" auction, to the recent big auction will constantly have Chinese art by foreign banks represent go expressed views. He believes that aren't sure this is for institutions, but he believes that, from 2 to 5 years, will foreign banks to set foot on the Chinese art auction market. "The next Oriental International" is China securities market "heart", perhaps it is the weekend, "CSRC" looks a bit lonely. In recent years, the stock market downturn, the art collection and auction market is bustling. Domestic, foreign capital influx, Everfount overflow, frequency made price. "As for how many are foreign banks take, I really can't take out data, bidders as long as the identity card will be able to participate in the auction, and the foreign banks in the chief representative of Beijing office, personal identity is based on auction or indirect representatives of foreign banks participation, we could not have known." Mr. Fan was very careful. The bank first generation frequently show body 1995, "Chairman Mao goes to Anyuan" is Chinese CCB Guangzhou branch about 5500000 yuan to buy go, attracted widespread attention, at that time still relatively deserted night hot auction market. As the wave on the bank, involved in art, for many investors a revelation, but the modern oil painting a price for domestic art opened the door. "Ten years ago to take the painting sold, although not rule out is a kind of government behavior, such as the now out to shoot, the valuation shall be not less than 20000000 yuan to 30000000 yuan". The East H.K.SOFTBILL International Auction Limited President Wu Chun said. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce chief Beijing representative Guo Zhonghua was then started to pay attention to Chinese painting. One of his colleagues, but also Chinese large freehand painting lovers, often travel to different auction. However, at present is to buy China art to personal identity, sometimes in their own offices are not regularly held personal art show. Their passion for Chinese painting, a lot of people infected with quietly, the current investment in Beijing art work personnel of many foreign banks. But as the bank business projects, they also do not want to fully involved in. Guo Zhonghua think, foreign banks are also facing the traditional financial products business development period in entering the Chinese market, "Chinese art market formation is a matter of the past few years, let a mature foreign banks will be a lot of capital investment China art collection is still not very standardized market, seems inconceivable thing." The former World Bank senior officials American Plame Banking Holding Company chairman Antonio said, the West Bank involvement in the art market, "each bank, commercial banks have the art investment project in personal finance, assist the rich art collection, someone invested $one hundred million to the collection of Van Gogh, but rather the capital from the Bank and trust. Perhaps the West collection of views also need a period of time and the oriental culture fusion." It is said that the Italy Sheng Paul bank every year, the collection of painting a picture book as a gift to the customer, "their branches are investigated Chinese art market." The Swiss bank is the collection of a variety of the best works of art in the world, close to the bank's internal sources, they are considering China package of works of art. From China market environment although no any rules prohibit financial institutions investing in art. However, in the range of operating permit, but not the kind of art. Internal management personnel domestic banks will cause financial institutions can not enter the art collection market due to policy uncertainty. Compared with a loss of foreign banks in Chinese art auction market, the number of individual investment in the market, meet the eye everywhere, some securities practitioners have personally among them. Chinese national female registered auctioneer Yan Yan revealed, at present, the number of cultural relics China participate in works of art investment is numerous, immediately after the stock market. According to the China Auction Association statistics, Chinese currently has two hundred engaged in cultural relics auction business, turnover of all of these companies in 2003 was 2500000000 yuan, 5700000000 yuan in 2004. However, the growth of turnover is supported by the 50000000 investors, in part by the non bank financial institutions and a small amount of real estate investment. Banks and other financial institutions basically no running art collection in the domestic financial products. But foreign banks see is be threatened by growing crises risk and China art market is not standardized. An anonymous industry senior personage says, some auction fakes more, some items into this year's price, a auction companies, the Song Dynasty paintings take an official 60000000 yuan price. This is a proverb in the industry, the message says, buyers pay only 10000000 yuan put it away. This is also the auction companies as a gimmick, conventional methods to do the cage. The sources, "shout empty price, since the buy from sell, take counterfeit" auction market is not standardized approach, these in foreign banks and other investors eyes