- reporter Hu Jinhua
There are 26 days left 93 year old birthday, a generation of master of calligraphy in peace
Go to the.
Happy go lucky
In June 30th, Qi Gong left the news not long, just
In the Chinese Department of Beijing Normal University has led to large vibration. In Qi Gong
The hall door, the Department of Chinese language teachers and students have spontaneously organized a field
Condolence activities, each of them were wearing a small white flowers, to Qi Gongxian
Mourning mourning.
A 1997 admitted to Beijing Normal University students to write an article not
Can reduce Wanci.
"Noon break time, habit of browsing news, a Qi Gong
The news of the death of Mr. shocked me, when you listen to teacher said graduation
Mr. body than before, did not think of now by a crane to return in the west,
This is the last day of June. "
"The university only heard Mr. class is a class on rhythm
Lectures, place in the five hundred seat, is probably a big bar, content
Remember, only remember the classrooms ladder staircase aisle stood
Full of people, change to change the sound of Mr. ass to explain phonological,
It is explain profound theories in simple language. "
"Always think, university because of the master, to
Known as the university. University for seven years, Bai Shouyi, Zhong Jingwen, Qi Gong...
... Today's campus, knowledgeable professor and many, large
Teachers are hard to find. "
The students expression is the best eulogy, as the famous
The painter Huang Miaozi said, "in fact, qigong was a magician, originally
To become a Phoenix, and eventually become a rooster is also good".
In fact, as early as in 1978, 66 year old Mr. Qi Gong going
Jin, he had written an article "essays epitaph":
Student, associate professor. Bo Jing, only through. Although Yang, solid
Enough. Do not become high, not low. Tan Qu left, send once right. Surface micro circle
Thick, skin owe. His wife has died, and no kids. Still new, disease or died.
Sixty-six, non not tho. Babaoshan, gradually gather together. Ji Pingsheng, Shi
Yue ugly. With name, smelly.
This "essays epitaph" let people fully realize, Qi Gong
Sir is really a detached and happy go lucky person, he may
On their left than all sorrow more safely, more calm.
Educational feelings
Mr. Qi Gong has no education, a school principal was above the pulpit
Must not be like a child that teaching by dismissing him. At that time, Peking
Fall, Mr. Qi Gong had to sell the pictures the breadwinner.
Although Mr Qi Gong has profound knowledge, but he is always so
Modest and full of childlike innocence. There is an example to make everybody was moved, Anhui
Education Press published "the complete works of Chen Yuan", Mr Qi Gong argues that
Call teachers by their first names, as students can hardly bear, requires Publishing
Club let him write the subtitle, "written inside on Industry Qi Gong Jing title".
Mr. Qi Gong recalled President Chen Yuan gave his education enlightenment,
"President Chen himself also teach a class, 30 several people, teach Chinese.
, often around the class walk, see you write to. At that time
He is writing on the blackboard, one for write only four, because if not
In this way, the students in the back is invisible, but this is not as
The necessity to teach the class. Hits this, I do a
How do teachers in-depth experience of the needs of the students, also know to do teach
Division of bittersweet. "
Because of this, Mr Qi Gong never leave the education and teaching
Education is in fact the main Qi Gong, but also his most profound feelings.
Conscience of the nation
During the cultural revolution, when the unit is divided into right Qi Gong cou.
"Over to my wife, she was very afraid. I say love
You don't be afraid, don't worry, unfair and how, not to meet the
Accept, Chairman Mao himself just obey, is finished." From the
This, Mr Qi Gong another chance to practice calligraphy: Rebel
Notes of the posters, and therefore the achievement "the characters body".
In this regard, Qi Gong's attitude is, "story all day writing big character posters
During the cultural revolution, when it is glorious work, allow you to write big character posters have been
Well, some can write and they won't let you. This is actually a
Very happy thing. "
This interpretation is: enjoy life though hard up joke, than
Other strong.
In fact, Mr. Qi Gong is to clean the toilet is also very
However, the.
Some people recall, a downstairs, the toilet came from AC
How to clean the toilet sound, a closer look is Mr Qi Gong in teach
The shortcut of an old professor clean toilets, "Mr. Qi Gong said, 'to sweep the floor
From four angles, with a mop ', and an old professor said this,
This really surprised me. " He said.
Over the years, Mr. Qi Gong's life was very hard, into his
Room, you will definitely feel surprised. Paper with a lot of cave roof
Long, is the mud wall, rugged and humid, just a dozen square meters
The place, but also stay nephew home, a live 20 years.
As a Ancient Chinese Literature Search masters, is also after the Manchu nobility
American, such living conditions is really make people sigh. However,
It is in this life condition, Mr. Qi Gong has remained
The Lotte spirit, and it is in those years, Mr. Qi Gong
Through his many important works.
Mr write scholarly work also with his people, his poems
As there is no shelf, is completely "honest account".
The master only regret, is probably not know behind by
Who will continue to lead the Chinese traditional culture. Many people respect the
