&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
Qianlong net news (reporter Zuo Rong) today, "the famous painter Song Weiyuan of the hundred tour exhibition press conference" held in Beijing antique calligraphy and painting art world. It is reported that Song Weiyuan would be the first to host the national 100 tour exhibition of the artist in china. At the same time by the magazine Beijing Fuji gallery and "collection circles" agency, Beijing Antique City Calligraphy and painting art world co hosted the "Beijing antique calligraphy and painting art world of Song Weiyuan's Works Exhibition" also started in Beijing antique calligraphy and painting art world art museum. The exhibition featured 45 works of Chinese painting fine creation during the Song Weiyuan from 2003 to 2005, cover the landscape, figures, flowers and birds.
"The famous painter Song Weiyuan of the hundred Tour Exhibition" on display in Beijing, will be in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shandong, including Hongkong, Taiwan and other places on display, 100th games will be held at the China Art Gallery Exhibition closing large 100 games exhibition [city] display list. Through a series of exhibitions, carry forward the Chinese traditional culture, the Chinese traditional culture in the westerly into the day today, re issued a brilliant bright light.
Song Weiyuan (formerly known as Song Xiaoming, also known as the wood, Zi Feng), China Central Academy of Fine Arts in 1984 and graduated from the Chinese Painting Department of academy. The famous Japanese art master Kayama Yuu to the highly of him: "you are a genius, you have a pair of good eyes." After 1991, Song Weiyuan traveled abroad for ten years, the traditional Chinese painting and painting theory has carried on the comprehensive study and understanding. On the development of China and Hong Kong, Taiwan and overseas China painting to conducted a comprehensive investigation. On 2001 with a deep love for the motherland culture after returning home, low-key, continue with the re creation China learn traditional culture.
The works of Song Weiyuan
Song Weiyuan advocated the purity of Chinese painting is put forward for the first time the Chinese painting "the blood lineage theory", advocated the Chinese painting to "pure blood", the formation of "both poetry and print" of the four painting idea, raises the revival of Chinese painting "the origin of art" flag.
Song Weiyuan in advocating Chinese painting "pure blood" at the same time, he is in itself a "pure blood" all-around artist, in-depth study of the landscape, flowers and birds, characters China painting, carving, calligraphy was identified. Comminution guqin, Beijing opera.
Song Weiyuan's works are widely for overseas museums and private collections. And in the art auction market also has a good performance, on vast, Huachen auction companies are the works of Song Weiyuan, by the broad masses of the sought after collectors and transactions. In July 28th there will be a Song Weiyuan boutique in Sungari clap and high-profile.
Song Weiyuan is now a visiting professor at the China Central Academy of Fine Arts, visiting professor of Renmin University of China and Xu Beihong of Academy of Fine Arts, Rong Bao Zhai academy visiting professor. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Song Weiyuan", were found
9
A related web sites.
