&amp;nbsp; sponsored by Nanjing Arts Institute, Soochow University College of art, "Li Changbai Chinese Painting Exhibition" will be held in the National Art Museum of China from June 30, 2005 to July 10th.
Mr. Li Changbai was born in 1916, native of Zhejiang Lanxi Xia Li cun.
Mr. He loves calligraphy and painting Changbai gifted, in 1933 admitted to the Hangzhou National Art College, under the tutelage of Pan Tianshou, Lin Fengmian, Li Kuchan, Zhang Hongwei, Wu Dayu, Li Chaoshi and other masters, won the Chinese and western traditional painting and the spirit of the infection. With Wang Zhaowen, Zhao Wuji, Wu Guanzhong, Zhu Dequn and other contemporary teacher for students to good. Mr. Changbai to art unswerving enthusiasm, singing and dancing ink pen, created many paintings, has left behind the precious wealth for Chinese painting.
Changbai devoted his life to teaching and research of Chinese painting, words and deeds, students everywhere. In 1939 from Hangzhou National Art College after graduation, worked South Rainbow Yizhi, southwestern art, Chengdu normal, National Art College, Nanjing Arts Institute, East China art. More than sixty years, he wrote more than keep on carving, engaged in teaching and creation of China painting, good at figures, landscapes, flowers and birds, calligraphy and poetry.
Especially in the field of fine brush flower and remarkable achievements, make him among the things in the painting world recognized in non?, Chen Zhifo and Li Changbai modern fine brushwork flower and bird paintings open sent three people. Work often participate in the national art exhibition, and went to the US and UK, with Taiwan, Hongkong and other countries and regions special exhibition. Deng Yingchao's first visit to Japan, he chose two of his paintings "Peony" and "bamboo wind life belt Caragana" as a national gift Japanese Prime minister.
Li Changbai adhere to the long-term teaching practice at the same time, writing, accumulated rich teaching experiences and theoretical achievements. Has compiled and published the "flower painting composition", "flower color techniques", "performance" and "creation" feathers and other techniques and theory monographs, readers enjoy, reprints ceaselessly, is recognized as the most outstanding contemporary meticulous flowers and birds textbooks. And he thought "Huang Sheng only one, Shi Tao is only one, now they go to school from the form of people all over the world, but are darkened, cannot surmount, only to create a new realm, flexible form of change and development, to shine." And he insists "nature outside, in the creation principle of heart", explore the unique artistic language, not only to develop their own art, provides encouragement words for later scholars.
Li Changbai tried to explore the art of innovation road, in twentieth Century since eighty time, learning from Guo Xi, Xia Gui, Shi Tao, Shi Gu and and not learn it, more involved in the creation of Chinese landscape painting. He likes to use parchment, ink based, the advantages of absorbing western painting color, write with pen and ink work, Qiu Jin Cang run. Especially his "Mount Huangshan cloud" series and "plateau amorous feelings", "volcano cloud" and other works, the painter and the nature of "God encounter and track", melts the pen and ink, the feeling and scene, meaning and context, with God as one, imposing, like fairyland feeling.
Mr. Changbai school seriously, set an example. The sub white, white mining, female Li white were apprentice father, is deep the teachings and guidance of Changbai mr.. Are all achievements at home and abroad for many times with my father held jointly works, show the home of the artistic style of painting.
"Old people, One aims for the far-off future.", into the sunset years Changbai Mr. Abraham said himself as "not a picture is perfect". Fully reflects the value of the spirit of the old artists very modest, enterprising. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Li Changbai", were found
89
A related web sites.