This article is adapted from "charm of thought -- in the north to the lecture third series", author Zhou Ruchang is now a researcher Chinese Art Research Institute, the famous redologist. "In the north to the lecture" series of the third series, the article is collected by the expert, Professor, well-known scholars, celebrities in the wonderful speech at Peking university. The article explain profound theories in simple language, concise and simple, both profound learning thought-provoking science, and inspiring the wisdom of life. This paper fully inclusive and equitable, is the essence of thought, the wisdom of the collection. I do not think it will be a scene so big. I think, today's activities should be recorded in the annals of the development of 'Redology', because it marks the return of a dream of Red Mansions in Peking university. I use the "regression", instead of "Introduction", because the Redology is eighty or ninety years ago Chinese first-rate students gather in Yanyuan and initiated, and to improve the status of Chinese academic Redology to. Today let me about "a dream of Red Mansions" and the relationship of the Chinese culture, I am not competent, tentatively on shallow talk about my opinion. In the late Qing Dynasty is a surname Chen number ghost convent scholars have pointed out that Cao Xueqin's "dream of Red Mansions" is not a novel, but should be listed into the sub. I think this really amazing, placed in Kobe, equal to that of "a dream of Red Mansions" is not the traditional concept of the unofficial history, or "other", but a thought work. In the late Qing Dynasty can have such understanding is very rare, but it was not paid enough attention and attention. He said the "sub", refers to our Chinese culture reflected in book form of "four" "Si Ku Quan Shu": classics, history, centralized "sub", are the ancient thinkers of the discourse, i.e. "all classes of authors" son "". It is pointed out that "a dream of Red Mansions" huge cultural implication. This is the culture and profound view of keen eyesight, very important. At the beginning of this century masters, such as Cai Yuanpei, Yan Fu, Wang Guowei, Lin Qinnan, Chen Yinque, Liang Qichao, Lu Xun, Hu Shi, Huang Zunxian, gentlemen, and later Chairman Mao Zedong on Redology involved or contributing, promoted the development of a dream of red mansions. These people that we will never forget. But all these masters with "a dream of Red Mansions" happened such as relationship, what this phenomenon itself? Should know: This is because Cao Xueqin's book has great cultural value. Express volumes is, these masters to CAI, Hu Lu, Wednesday relationship with "dream of Red Mansions" is especially important, and the three is the Beijing University teacher. I said, now the "dream of Red Mansions" regression of Peking University, is to illustrate the Peking University, is the birthplace of the modern "dream of Red Mansions". What is meant by "culture"? "Wen", we all understand, so that a "change" word how to understand? "" that affect, influence character by environment, education, the "salutary influence of education", and to learn the Chinese culture as the ancient alien "domestication". If you want to feel the charm of Chinese culture, we must first learn to "chew". "Chew" is the highest realm Chinese culture. For example, we all remember Zhen Shiyin and Jia Yu, but who can remember the names of these two men? Jia Yu, "", "salutary influence of education" meaning, "the rain village field". Zhen Shiyin, "fee". "Four books" in the sentence reads: "the way which the superior, hence the name" hidden "costs", the word "shiyin". In the snow Qin era, read people at all understand, and righteousness and interest, but also have the ingenuity of the homophonic puns. This is the unique charm of the Chinese language! I think Chinese characters is a crystallization of human wisdom and the highest. Characteristics of Chinese culture has two main veins: one is "benevolence" two words, this is a self-taught way to treat others, is the essence of the doctrine of Confucius and Mencius; another is the talent of the natural gas, it is this brilliant wisdom become a Chinese literature history. Understand this ends, and then look at the "a dream of Red Mansions", also is the main embodiment of these two aspects. Namely: interpersonal, social ethics, moral virtue and talent of the natural gas by mental cause. Kong Zi said: "personal place not desire, do not impose on people." Cao Zi (Cao Xueqin) "the sentiment" and Kong Meng's "benevolence" are the essence of "love" but it made a different interpretation, have a taste. "Green" is a good word, to the left of the add "day", "eye", "San", "m", "sex" this five radicals, became "sunny", "eye", "Qing", "fine", "love" -- are all things in the the wonderful part. Love, is a relationship to a man of mood, Confucius and Cao Zi were just Confucius will "love" ethics, social morality, and Cao Zi is the "feeling" poetic, art. Familiarity with this key point, all through. "Hong Lou Meng" heavy "to". For example, Yuan Chun Sheng for the imperial concubine, that is "to choose Phoenix algae Palace"; Tanchun verdict is "only since the smart records from high"; Yuanchun mothering not heavy in recreation, and the fate of the sisters and Bao Yu poetry, Zhu Xuan Pavilion at Tiyong scenery. This is Xiao ran. As for all the daughters in the book, there is a "to" word, expression, just different. And Chinese culture, called "Sancai", please comprehend. Cao Zi extraordinary skill and a bit: it is so that we deeply appreciate the beauty of Chinese characters, Chinese culture. If you use a word comment on "a dream of Red Mansions", namely "spirit". Cao Zi attention aura, think it is higher than that of wisdom, for example, "the great stone after refining after Nu Wa, spirituality has been through". It has a great significance. This spiritual