&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
Qianlong net news (reporter Zuo Rong) this morning, "the second session of the Chinese collection industry annual list of" official start, China collectors magazine and Chinese celebrity Association, Beijing antique calligraphy and painting art world, the celebrity calligraphy and Painting Research Institute jointly to cast gold collection industry annual China. Last June 18th, created by Chinese collectors magazine and sponsored by the "Chinese collectors annual list (2002 - 2003)" held a grand ceremony in the National Political Consultative Conference Hall, the activity was found to be a Chinese party activities in recent ten years the largest and highest level, participation in the media, the most effect extensive, caused widespread concern in the national each big media and Xinhua News Agency reported, and other major media reputation as a collection of industry "hundred flowers award". The past year, "Chinese collectors annual list of" authoritative, scientific and accuracy has been proved time and. "Collectors" magazine President Gao Yutao. President of the National Federation of Industry Chamber of Commerce Song Jianwen antique. The executive secretary of the association long Zhao Xiaogang Chinese celebrities. The Secretary General Wang Fenghai of China's auction industry association.
According to the exhibition organizers "collection industry" magazine President Gao Yutao introduces, today launched the "second Chinese collection ranking list of the year" activity is to fully focus China party information, is different from other commercial list and all kinds of evaluation activities, it is from the collection of perspective in the selection of real investment and collection value of art, the selection and encourage outstanding achievement of artists, collectors and the vast number of collectors, and first proposed the "search and choose the civil national treasure" and "China celebrity calligraphy Jinbang" seven list item. In order to promote the development of art collection industry, attract the public for art collection industry attention, improve the national art and the level of appreciation, and the objective and fair summary of annual art collection industry. Activities by way of voluntary registration, registration fees are received for "looking for folk treasures" activity, make deep folk cultural relics have been better propaganda and protection.
The famous scholar, the expert appraisal of cultural relics Mr. Shi Shuqing to explain "storyteller figurines" allusions.
At the same time, in order to professionalism and enhance "Second China collection ranking list of the year" award, the organizing committee will organize the domestic and foreign many well-known experts and scholars such as Xu Bangda, Shi Shuqing, Ouyang Zhongshi composed "the expert review group", effectively ensure that the "Second China collection industry annual list" selection of the authoritative and professional.
"China's second annual ranking of world (2004 ~ 2005)" the spirit of accurate, objective and fair principles in the selection mode, will be aimed at participating project of applicants for experts to inspect, audit, evaluation, after screening by plane media and domestic famous website published the list of finalists, listen to the views of the community. Let the public to choose their own in the mind of the characters and folk Jinbang "national treasure", and ultimately to the netizen is online voting, readers vote as the basis, in 2006 June in the capital city of Beijing on the selection results were released and held a grand ceremony.
At that time, Chinese folk "national treasure" Jinbang, Chinese contemporary celebrity calligraphy Jinbang, Chinese contemporary country artist Jinbang, contemporary Chinese oil painters Jinbang, contemporary Chinese calligrapher Jinbang, contemporary Chinese painting and calligraphy auction Jinbang, contemporary Chinese painting and calligraphy auction volume Jinbang seven hot awards what flowers who, let us wait and see. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "the list" year, total found
173728
A related web sites.