&amp;nbsp;
In June 10th, China traditional Dragon Boat Festival eve of the arrival of the night, nine thirty, a famous writer, "Happy Street" singer Wu Hongfei will be in Beijing Chaoyang District Asian Sports Village "Nameless Highland" bar held in summer. The first show, for the fans to the festival celebration, punk deliberately wrote three new songs "midnight ghost" and "my wedding funeral", "Wei Jin Southern and Northern Dynasties", at the same time, the scene will also launch "Happy Street" band album "dragons in the room" the latest version of fish. As the rock elite in the talented vocalist Wu Hongfei said, oneself insist to do bar small field performance of this is to "control, communication, understanding, expression, but the site will not to rock while shaking." And the reporter also learned that accident, ALFY's latest novel set "doll" next month will be out of the wood, and the semi autobiographical personal chasing love diary "personals" has been completed, several publishers are competing for.
New record increase of 2 song accompaniment
Happy avenue was founded in 1999 September, soon the rise for the Beijing rock band in eye-catching cutting-edge power, its style includes folk, hard rock, Grounge, Pop and so on the many kinds of factors, and to the poetic lyrics, offbeat girls high, beautiful as the main symbol. The first album in 2002 September completed, after several twists and turns, and finally to be published.
Latest album includes 13 songs and 2 new and old work song accompaniment music: "daughter", "April", "just want to become orange apple", "wedding", "knife", "Butterfly", "rogue", "dragon room fish", "night", "grain" (small sample), printed, produced exquisite. Hard plastic, with the disc is attached to a color poster. The site will be in the live performances of "sing to buy".
Singer Wu Hongfei is graduated from Tsinghua University, master, is also a popular writer: 2003 January she published "dragon fish" room, "punk girl's double life", 2004 March third anthology "lovelorn diary" by modern publishing house.
Rock and roll is to love a person
When it comes to rock, people inevitably associated with avant garde lifestyle, but Wu Hongfei said that life and their own independent rock. "I don't smoke, not bubble, not fashion, on the stage even twisted ass wouldn't", she pie pie mouth way, "I was a nice girl, you think about it, if unable to bear loneliness, I can't get a few degrees."
Guangxi Dong Wu Hongfei, once the ideal is to be a scientist, "every day I care about science dynamic, lest they put something important invention to. I invented a perpetual motion machine, I most want to do is in the bullet." Later she was admitted to the country's most famous university, in Tsinghua, chose science, but she found that there are many scientists alone, is not to her. A rock band in the years that hesitation was born. The band was founded in 1999 September. Here, the punk gnash the teeth in anger, "we have survived. Since long, is currently holding. "
To imagine a band? Now Wu Hongfei himself can't explain the power source that the continuation of 6 years is what. But at first only because of love a person, so the thought of a very stupid way, "to be like him who". She likes are the guitarists. "But I rock not shaking his head, I have my own way."
Ge Fei: Teddy boy will become the second Wang Anyi
At present "Happy Street" is still in the dark, damp basement rehearsal. Every week there are several afternoon, Wu Hongfei will ride a bike for two hours, to the three ring edge a rented basement rehearsal. In the meantime, in order to maintain the band's expenses, bar singer, entertainment, "the Beijing News website editing" start publication, "Southern People Weekly" published, she has one one experience, A Fei now, every two weeks to interview one or two characters, each month there are several performances.
The writer Gefei thinks she is most likely to become the second Wang Anyi, and critics say, she has become Eileen Chang's possible.
But Wu Hongfei was laughing, "my ambition is to marry a good man, not be Eileen Chang".
American music producer Matthew Ke in repeated listening to the happy street music, commented: "I realized that Wu Hongfei was in her music to create a completely belongs to own world -- perceptual warmly, with literary and musical quality, this is I in other Chinese female rock singer had never seen the."
Adhere to: do I need to have three new albums
ALFY said, adhere to their own for so many years, although very tired, but "I still like singing, and very much hope that we can always sing, sing for a long time. My period is two years. I hope I can really break a year later. "
ALFY hope the main work this year is music. "I very much hope, can be more focused, more professional, can have real music, real freedom, and passion. My plan was to make three albums. A hard rock, a UNPLUGGED, a folk song."
Fei said, the project hope to do. Including a little scene in the bar. Live performance is to train control ability, communication ability, the tacit understanding degree, and the expressive force. Fei also admitted "rehearsal was also important. Everyone needs to know more about. Musicians need to know about the singer. Understand each other's character, quality, and fit. Understanding and confidence, is what we want most
