With the stock market break 1000 points, increase the intensity of macroeconomic regulation and control the real estate market, art investment gradually into the line of sight of people, becoming the new investment hotspot. Investing in art, not only can get the spirit mold, can also with the passage of time, enjoy the fun of art value appreciation. Art investment need unique vision and a deep foundation. Watch from the international market, oil prices have been high, the famous works frequently need millions of dollars or even hundreds of millions of dollars, but as a world art wonderful China painting is still in the initial start-up. Although the works of famous writers such as Bai Shi, the old man is up to hundreds of thousands of yuan a foot, but the vast majority of promising young artists' still in ordinary people reach the range. Investment China painting works what is the secret? An industry recognized six words is "innovation, style, quality". Innovation, refers to the painter should dare to break through on the basis of previous studies, both techniques and artistic conception will reach a new level. Style is the painter to form his own unique style, is also said to have symbolic characteristics. While the fine refers to represent investment to buy the artist's work, because only boutique to rarity, have a great appreciation of space. For example, the ice snow landscape painting founder Yu Zhixue is a Leekpai Kaizong figure. He created the new style is completely different from the traditional landscape of snow, known as snow landscape painting. Ice snow landscape painting, the end of the China painting one thousand years mainly in black for a single style of painting history, broaden the Chinese painting performance areas, fill the traditional landscape of snow can not directly snow, blank and never show ice snow, gave new life to power and expressiveness, created by can accept the world of art and language. Another concern is the star of Suzhou painting academy, a young painter Shen Weifeng. Shen Weifeng is good at painting lotus, his lotus always has a "wet" breath. He drew the pool load of water, painted in the spring of moist, drew water on the flowers nourished. His paintings, there is a strong to make you breathe the fresh water. Shanghai Artists Association vice chairman and secretary general, China Artists Association Zhu Guorong said: "I think the Shen Weifeng painting water very well, see every painting in water, very moist, very transparent, this is characteristic of Jiangnan flower and bird painting. Qi Baishi is the painting of flowers and birds, he is to the north; Mr. Shen's paintings of flowers and birds see is south of the Yangtze River, water is very good." Because of the reputation in painting lotus hand spread far and wide, Shen Weifeng also shall be the Great Hall of the People Management Bureau invited, the creation of the "lotus flowers in red" huge paintings for the Great Hall of the people, the painting as a fine by the suspension in the Conference National People's Congress Standing Committee hall in front of the prominent position. Hawthorn melody due to become an independent school in creativity and style, Shen Weifeng's market prices also rose. In June 5th this year, the U. S. in 2005 spring art auction, Shen Weifeng's "lotus pond melody" graph starting to 100000 yuan, 300000 yuan transactions ultimately. According to take the boutique Taiwan woman, she grew up like lotus, in Taipei the home of the door is the lotus pond. Take part in a forum at the Great Hall of the people, she saw Mr. Shen Weifeng lotus works in "Jiangshan so many charming" on the edge of the grand and magnificent buildings, the lotus pond, to her liking his lotus works. Fu Baoshi and Guan Shanyue creation "Jiangshan so many charming" are painting everyone, and their works are now priced in the tens of millions of left and right, she believes Shen Weifeng to be able to become a master painter, his lotus works very atmospheric, clear, now hundreds of thousands of yuan to invest in his works is not high, the future will be a huge appreciation space. On the Chinese painting, there is a people sadly sign fact: according to the current market value, if the nearly one hundred years old, Chinese, Green's finest artists existing for the fine collection of all acquisitions, just HK $1000000000! In contrast, Picasso's paintings "took the pipe boy" sold for $141680000 in the price of Sotheby's New York auction companies, has become the most expensive painting. That is to say, all efforts China generations of hundreds of years of master, almost just a "holding pipe boy" price. With the increasing globalization of the economy and China Sino foreign cultural exchange in-depth, China paintings are appreciated by people all over the world, values and standards of the international market is only a matter of time. Early selection of both "innovation, style, quality" of the works, the appreciation potential is infinite. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "China painting", were found
284486
A related Webpage.
