In the network, nearly 10000 author wrote this article in fantasy martial arts, tirelessly, related network original novel is more than thirty thousand, only one hundred thousand words or more fantasy novels is five thousand the left and right, each big fantasy site is updated daily work nearly two thousand books, and obsessed with Yu Wuxia, a fantasy novel reader is near million...... The numbers behind surprisingly large worm populations, and featured fantasy website.
In the spring of Yandang Mountain, the world by the cost 70000 yuan a famous master of Chinese martial arts organization Wen Ruian, network martial arts and fantasy literature authors and readers to participate in the forum, aimed at network cultural upsurge in promoting green, pure. Such a move in the individual website is extremely rare, so that the size of the activities held by the personal nature of the site also make a wooden very interested, a fantasy of personal website why have such strength? In order to solve the answers, our reporter bug attended the forum, the host wood also invited Jing to the world by stationmaster guest "stationmaster the world", by the world to talk about their own "".
Wood: Thank screaming, meaning "sword guest stationmaster the world". You "the world by" at present can only be considered personal website, but from the contents provided by the website looks very professional and large-scale, so let me on the scale of the web site have a strong interest in.
Howl: at present, the site has five full-time staff, three stable server. The 2004 year enrollment reached more than one hundred thousand people, this is I feel very surprise, two or three years ago, such a thing is not imagine. Now every day online number more than eighty thousand, VIP subscribers two do many people in the station, the original author of the thousands.
Wood: the biggest difficulty now many literary website to meet the funding issue, many owners do not know how to operate a literary website. And you also mentioned the literary website can bring you a lot of income, can talk about is how to return a responsibility?
Sword of meaning: website of a lot of literature is to rely on webmaster his literary interest hobby building up, do according to what I know now, most of the domestic literature website are just the webmaster input, and did not realize what profit income. But the single interest hobby is unable to make a website to develop for long, the maintenance cost is very important, this is we want to pursue the purpose of profit. (F2 version of the next turn)
Sword of meaning: now, the income of the website mainly from advertising, VIP charges read, publishing. Which is also published literature site relative to other kind the website is the most advantageous place. When we first started, no income, but also to help people do website. The income of most used for staff salaries, a small part is used for accumulation and development, is devoted to the construction site.
Tree: tell us about your income?
Howl: conservative total revenue last year was around two hundred thousand, this year if successful into the Chinese culture publishing industry will be far more than this figure.
Wood: two hundred thousand of annual income for an ordinary individual website is already a very good income?
Howl: actually, look in your eyes is more common, but in the fantasy literature lovers view is not the same, our website for fantasy literature enthusiasts have not ordinary individual website, and for those who press, here we find good works is very convenient, which is why we can profit. Two hundred thousand members of our income in accordance with the amount of speaking, is only the beginning, we have the confidence to do better!
Wood: so do you plan to do better? You look forward to the "world by" reach what kind of scale?
Sword: the next step will be to continue the business, registered company. But I don't look forward to be acquired, how to integrated network cultural fashion and reality of culture industry is now our development direction. Of course, we will introduce some fantasy services on the web, we have little basis now, also have some ideas, but also take the time to realize.
You can go to the wood: Wen Ruian is not simple, the organization of such an activity is to run their own web sites?
Howl: now that the website is not speculation, do not propagate themselves? But we like Wen Daxia such a celebrity has maintained close contact, Wen Daxia also often come to our website and lovers of literature have some exchanges. And we will invite more masters to join us in this circle, so everyone can in communication constantly improve, and this is our website for our members to provide service.
Wood: now that you feel what difficulties? In order to develop your website also need to think what support?
Sword idea: since it is difficult to develop in development, natural or financing. Lack of funds caused the development of all aspects of the hysteresis. If there are sufficient funds to do the backing, we will realize the network culture earlier site to realistic culture industry transformation!
Wood: as far as I know, is a famous domestic huanjianshumeng station of fantasy literature, whether you have to catch up with the heart?
Howl: there is no catch up, but to learn from the old brother, fantasy, the cultural industry is a piece of cake, no one can swallow, we should work together to put the cake bigger!
The story of the development of the world by
Chrysene -- -- ---