1, hell date
Tengfei group is named after Ke Zhengteng, the Ke Zhengfei brothers name. Brother Ke Zhengteng as chairman, his brother Ke Zhengfei served as general manager of.
When Ke Zhengteng was forty years old suffer from diabetes, rich life precious, Ke Zhengteng after the disease, in 30 km west of the Baiyun Mountain scenic area and built a villa. The two storey villa, spacious and strong, modeling chic, hidden in the trees, Ke Zhengteng all day live in the mountains at ease convalesce, group size affairs, delivered all run by brother Ke Zhengfei.
This day, Ke Zhengfei suddenly received another director group, the nickname of a phone call from Yang Tiezui, is chairman of the board of directors said to will be held in Baiyun Mountain, urgent things to consultation, please all the directors must be in before six thirty clock to.
Put down the phone, Ke Zhengfei feels strange, a few years this brother rarely intervene in group of things, even to the board, will discuss with their prior, today how greeting without a break, let people informed the meeting. Ke Zhengfei feeling that this will be beautifully, so dinner also didn't eat, drive home immediately, took his wife, is also the group shareholders Bai Nana, went straight to the Baiyun Mountain and to.
Ke Zhengfei and Bai Nana arrived at the brother's soaring heights, other directors have yet to. Ke Zhengteng saw them, he asked in surprise: "how do you two have time to come here?" Ke Zhengfei paused, said: "not you want to open the board?" Ke Zhengteng a face of vacant: "who wants the board? Who told you? " Ke Zhengfei said: "Yang Tiezui notice."
Three people are staring blankly, Ke Zhengteng driver a winter brought a beautiful young woman came in. This girl is called Zhao Nan, the young shareholder is Tengfei group. She came in, also said Yang Tiezui received the call, notify her to drive board.
Ke Zhengteng said happily: "the Yang mouth, what the hell? When I said the board meeting? " Mutter, Yang Tiezui came in.
Yang Tiezui called Yang Xin, was a lawyer, because litigation have a glib, tongue, so the people gave him the nickname "iron mouth".
Ke Zhengteng saw Yang mouth, asked him angrily: "how to return a responsibility? I didn't say to the board ah, how you will you call?" Yang Tiezui one Leng, say: "is your private bodyguards big call me, say you let me tell everyone in the meeting."
Nonsense. Ke Zhengteng fire, "big head mother passed away two days ago, he went back home for the funeral, how he will call your meeting?"
Yang an see Ke Zhengteng don't believe, took out his mobile phone, dug out the call records, the number is indeed a big mobile phone no.. Ke Zhengfei said: "pull over, ask the head, what the hell is going on?"
Yang Tiezui anti pulled in the past, but the voice prompt said: "the other side is power off."
It is strange, far from the home of the head will under the guise of the chairman's name casually notice? We all think it incredible. Ke Zhengteng was confused: "big head with me for several years, has been ordered." Ke Zhengfei said with worry: "there will not have what plot?"
At this time, a small nanny came softly, ask everybody to supper without. All this just remember, have not had time to eat dinner.
Ke Zhengteng said: "I am afraid you are hungry, how many meals, you first have to make do with a little."
So we go next door to the dining room to eat, chat while eating while this strange thing. Chatting chatting, you little, Ke Zhengfei felt eyes, dull of mind. He tried to cheer up, see Zhao Nanhe his wife Bai Nana was slanting to pour at the table, Yang Tiezui and Ke Zhengteng also in the rickety, was sleeping. He suddenly realized that bad, want to shout what mouth, tongue failed. He instinctively to the waist cut mobile phone, mobile phone has felt a heavy weight, how also can not lift up. Then, "bang" sound, mobile phone fell to the ground, he also falls down on the table.
When Ke Zhengfei woke up, the dining room of the dazzling light, and has very dark outside the window. Look at the eyes, my brother, his wife, and Zhao Nan, Yang mouth, still fell on the table fell asleep. Then have a look the dining room entrance, the driver a winter also askew there, slept like a dead pig like.
Ke Zhengfei shook his heavy head, gradually became aware that there must be someone in the food down the ecstasy. He instinctively reached to the waist cut mobile phone alarm, but did not cut. He is the only vaguely remember, when I was going to faint, mobile phone fell to the ground. He had a hard time bent over to look for his mobile phone, but there's nothing on.
He is busy to take his wife's mobile phone, but searched Bai Nana's body, no touch mobile phone. He pushed Bai Nana awake, and rush to Zhao Nan body for mobile phone.
He touched again on Zhao Nan, don't touch the mobile phone, sent Zhao Nan to wake up, she found that Ke Zhengfei touch his body, suddenly and shame and anger cried: "you, you, why?" Bai Nana saw, soft hand pulled Ke Zhengfei ear, scolded: "you, you are driven by passion!"
Ke Zhengfei also did not explain, just washed they cried: "you wake up, open your eyes, have a look what happened!" He this shout, Zhao Nan and Bai Nana at the same time, a shock, a look at the sight, completely awake