That evening, Zhang Jian was wearing a T-shirt, shorts, with the son east east to Zhongshan square for a walk. East with a small hand pulled Zhang Jian, Yang small face and said: "Daddy, today we kindergarten teacher said there was a fruit called litchi, litchi delicious?" Zhang Jian said: "good ah, litchi is sweet, also sweeter than honey do." Dongdong exposed desire look: "Dad, that our home why don't eat litchi?" Zhang Jian smiled and said: "silly boy, litchi is from the south, and it is easy to bad, I this northern town is not to buy." Dongdong disappointed oh a sound, and after the death of Zhang Jian walking.
They had not gone far, just hit the unit director ma. Zhang Jian busy let Dongdong called "Grandpa", Dongdong good, sweet call: "grandpa." Director Ma and his East head, asked: "how much?" East East said: "4 years." The horse Bureau laughed: "Yo, grandson also two years younger than i." Zhang Jian saw the director Ma, think of unit recently built several sets of housing funds, housing difficulties of their home, just take this opportunity and say. He would mutter and mumble said: "director, I have something...... I would like to mention. " Chief nodded, said: "that my say," she bowed her head and asked Dong Dong, "Dong Dong, went back to his home and play?" Dongdong meet director Ma smiled, nodded. Zhang Jian tried to refuse, director Ma said: "all right, go to the house."
So, Zhang Jian took Dongdong, with director walked into his house.
To the director of the home, Zhang Jian also did not say a few words, the door opened, the director's grandson fat ran back from the outside, holding a plastic bag, shouted excitedly: "Grandpa, aunt came back from Hainan Island, brought litchi for me! Delicious! " Say, fat stripped a lychee, into grandpa's mouth. Director Ma held: "good fat, fat to play it, grandpa has guest." Suddenly, the director sees eagerly watching Dongdong fat hands litchi, said: "fat, to give his brother a few litchi eat."
Fat Dongdong a slanting eyes, shouted: "this is my aunt gave me the litchi, I do not give him to eat!" Director at Zhang Jian embarrassed smile, shook his head and said: "this child......" See, fat is the home of the little emperor, even the horse Secretary can do nothing to him.
Zhang Jian is busy say: "need not need not, my stuff didn't like eat litchi." "I...... I want to eat lychees! " Eastern Wei, and softly whispered in Zhang Jianhuai. Zhang Jian was a little embarrassed, secretly kneaded Xiaoqiang. The Secretary said: "good to eat some fat, brother!" "Don't!" Fat shaken like a rattle, "do not give!"
Zhang Jian east east plate under the face: "Dong Dong, don't listen." Dongdong see Dad angry, but hung his head, tears in his eyes.
The fat the litchi peel another head to the sitting room, a few to eat, take the rest to the tea table is put, went back to his house to play. Dongdong stay at his father's side, eyes stared at the tea table of litchi.
The telephone rang, the secretary went to answer the phone. Stuff without blinking an eye looking at the litchi, a flat mouth a flat. After a while, he fell on my father's ear and said: "Daddy, I want to eat litchi." Zhang Jian V in the East ear, whispered: "you listen, don't do, Dad agreed to let you eat litchi." "Good." DD happy nod.
The director of this phone is really long, chat up endless, Zhang Jian and Dongdong are sitting in a daze, finally, Zhang Jian just stood up, in the living room to move, small ornament ornamental chief home display. After a while, director of the call it out again and again, he said to Zhang Jian sorry. Zhang Jian saw that says it all, got up to go home. Director of comfort Zhang Jian said: "you rest assured, the Bureau will consider the specific circumstances of your home." Then, to send Zhang Jian. Dongdong pulled by daddy went to the door, step back three, and unable to part from staring at the table of litchi, he knew that one out of the door can not eat litchi, finally, To Higashii to break his father's hand, loudly say: "Dad, you lie! I want to eat lychees! " Zhang Jian stared, want to pull the Dongdong, but Dongdong stubborn temper tantrums, toward the ground sits, cried, "I want to eat litchi, I'll eat litchi, you promised me!"
The horse for a moment, said: "well, Grandpa will give you with litchi." Turn around and go with litchi, who knows to hear the cry of the fat Dongdong, from his own room ran out, cunningly picked up the tea table of litchi, quickly ran back into the room, "customers --" to lock the door. The slow step, the hand grasps empty.
Dongdong a see litchi no, much more fierce, stood up and stepped forward, one not careful, kicked a thermos of tea table below, just listen to "bang" sound of loud noise, immediately the water on the ground.
Zhang Jian mind a ring, andao: finished, all is finished!
A sober, Zhang Jian strode past, left hand caught the Dongdong neck, put the stuff down onto the ground, right hand raised high, a slap in the eastern ass, then a slap in the face and then slap, slap a slap in the face to ruthless than. Stuff like pig like to cry, cry all hoarse voice.
The Secretary busy came and took Zhang Jian's hand, say repeatedly: "Xiao Zhang, what are you doing here! Do not hit! " Zhang Jian stopped, don't say a word, blue in the face. Road director sighed: "today's children,
