The period of the Republic of China, Huizhou has a rich men's sons, nickname called Lee damazi, have neither learning nor skill, by two money in the house, will spend thousands of ocean, when a ragtag team leader.
With the team, Lee damazi also want to rob a play, so to create a venue to practice shooting.
Go on the range front, Lee damazi very confident, he thought the shooting as he in the village of Tu Zhuzai sheep as simple as that, a gun can put down an animal. Who knows, he left a target 30 meters a station, lifted the "bastard box", "bang bang bang" a mag finished, all off the target. When Baobayuan quote a gun not in time, Lee damazi face Ma Keng exhibits a liver color, called Baobayuan carrying target over and let him check. Lee damazi found on the original target with many holes, are a piece of blank paper paste live, then asked: "these holes is how to return a responsibility?" Baobayuan replied: "this is before the shooting and shooting." Lee damazi snorted, and watch carefully, finally found a small hole above the white broken it, he pointed at the hole, stern voice asked: "so this hole? It is my fate, why don't you report! "
"The..." In fact, the hole is Baobayuan moved accidentally breaks, but he did not come to understand, Leng is over there.
Damazi Lee shouted angrily: "Damn it, how dare you wolf!" De Wangyako to Baobayuan is shot. This gun thief quasi, Baobayuan even hum hum didn't die.
Baobayuan died, old black took over. Old black looks small, but his voice is surprisingly large, a pair of eyes is more drops of god.
Third day old black succession, Lee damazi came shooting practice, the Lee damazi shuttle bullet after release, old black diamond out of the pit to target, darling, unexpectedly in the seven gun, Lee damazi face was bright with joy.
Li Dong said: "actually I shot?" Old black looked at Lee damazi, wiping drips down to wipe the sweat, very firmly said: "of course is group a shot!" Lee damazi a happy, award the old black two silver, old black excited almost didn't give Lee damazi kneel.
After this, Lee damazi marksmanship "make a spurt of progress". Every time he would bring an arm gun together, we are lined up, a monarch mile Ba after shooting, old black start scoring, every time Lee damazi are the top. Gradually, Lee damazi won a "gunslinger head" nickname, known far and wide.
This winter, Hunan defence army pay in a car pass by Lee damazi territory, was carjacked. The escort of soldiers caught a robber, the robber withstand torture, said boss is Lee damazi. This angered the Hunan Guangdong defence army commander in chief Yu Hanmou. But Yu Hanmou do things very carefully, because he knew Lee damazi nickname "gunslinger head", even the hard way, his side do not know to want how many brothers casualties, so did not dare to act rashly and blindly. Yu Hanmou rolled her eyes at him, a stratagem comes to mind.. He has written a "gunslinger head" personally inscribed board, with gold trim, with a brigade of troops beating drums and blowing trumpets to Lee damazi regimental headquarters to.
Lee damazi see defence army commander himself to his send greeting tablet, really be overwhelmed by an unexpected favour, busy let his soldiers to kill pigs and sheep, a great feast in honor of Yu Hanmou's team, wine. Everyone drank wine flushed, Yu Hanmou throw a punch bowl, the sound of a "pit", side several adjutants jumped up, all of a sudden the Lee damazi to pour in the ground, the first thing is to him, the bastard box to discharge. Damazi Lee did not understand what was happening, was tied up. Damazi Lee's men had never seen this kind of situation, everybody scared dumb as a wooden chicken.
Yu Hanmou see Lee damazi bastard box was paid off, my heart a long breath, face fall, asked why Lee damazi to grab their own pay.
Lee damazi listens, head Weng of a, hurriedly knelt to the ground, tears of a nose a surface Innocence: "chief of staff Lee damazi, I swear to God, I'm on the total command is keep faithful and true, never did sorry coalition activities, rob pay a thing, is wrong!" Damazi Lee said to Yu Hanmou kowtow, dozen ring head down, scalp blood Ke dc.
Yu Hanmou saw this scene, also a little in a dilemma, in order to find its own level, his tone it down a bit, and said: "Colonel Li, the robber said behind the scenes is the mastermind of you, I am also a last ditch. So, as long as you personally killed the robbers, can prove he is not your hands, you are cleared of suspicion."
Lee damazi to listen, if approved by the amnesty, excitedly mentioned bastard box went straight to the robbers. Yu Hanmou stopped him, saying: "slow! Colonel Li, I heard that you are a sharpshooter, so kill a bind bandit to no more, today let us open eyes, the robber put, you hit the target."
Lee damazi thought, with good technology own shooting, killing a large living is not easy, so her mouth down.
In order to show off his marksmanship, Lee damazi let the robbers ran 30 meters after the shoot. The robber listen to any such thing, and cast the steps and ran.
Next to the old black see robbers ran, he raised his voice to shout: "Lee damazi head, shoot! Quickly shot! "
Lee damazi to, stared at him, scold:
