As the saying goes, me yingxionger hero, it also has the exception. Under the Mount Daqing in southern Anhui Shiqiao Town, there was a hunter named Ding Huowang, is a big man, when he was one can harm wild boar and wolf village, lost an eye, is lame in one leg. People mention him, not without carrying the thumb.
The fire at their forties got a son, named Ding hero. But this Ding hero, which is nothing like his me Ding Huowang, not only stunted, weak and sick, and especially timid, eight year old refused to weaning, fifteen year old big boy go to bed at night will hug mother. The timid son has become a piece of heart disease Ding huowang.
In the twinkling of an eye, eighteen year old Ding. That year, the outbreak of the Korean War, full of sap of young people are full of dash valiantly crossed the Yalu River. Ding Huowang wants to send their son to troops to practise courage, he found the militia battalion commander, says this thing, the battalion commander grin incisors laughed, said that if he Ding Huowang enrolled in the army, the army certainly welcome, but with his coward son also can go to war? When the big guns, bullets flying, improper deserter it.
The battalion commander said, take Ding Huowang blushed with shame, but he did not give up, said: "the battalion commander, my bad son timid this is not false, but look at his grandfather's sake, you give a name."
Speaking of the hero's grandfather Ding, Ding Ding is al father bold, in the local but nobody don't know. He was married in Eight Route Army, in a battle with the bayonet fighting, four Japs, finally raised the body of the grenade, and enemies perish together, now the county seat in the martyr cemetery and his photos, Hawk Eye, dark and long eyebrow, unyielding hero a.
Militia commander succumbs, finally agreed to give Ding hero in the newspaper, but he said to Ding Huowang: "because when it comes to front, Ding hero on the battlefield if a deserter, not only in our village, shame, you old Ding Jia also lianshangwuguang!"
"The nature, the nature." Ding Huowang silently thank militia battalion commander.
Two days later, Ding Huowang took his son to the county to examination. Ding you heard to go when the volunteers, say what also not stem. Ding fire stir, "pa" lost to the son of a rope, stared beads said: "you don't want to be a soldier also, holding the rope to the Mount Daqing to give me set a wolf come back!"
Ding Haohan legs trembling, had promised to go to the county medical, didn't expect everything goes well. Others home boys look very happy, but he took the sponge gourd face, return to a home, a strength ground asks father: "a bullet can play? I heard that fight day to run hundreds of miles ah, if I just arrived on the battlefield is a bullet hit, hit in the leg that is much better! Do not hurt life, lying in hospital... "
Ding Huowang gas glaring eyes, hanging on the walls of the old pistol from said: "you this cowardly thing! Unworthy the Ding family! Not me a gun first shoot you, lest you make a fool of oneself as a traitor!"
Ding Haohan scared Wawadajiao, ran to the kitchen to head into his mother's arms. Wife tearfully said to Ding Huowang: "we old Ding home out of a martyr, the government did not require heroes to join the army, why do you take your son to the battlefield to send? I don't know his timid? "
"You give me to shut up!" Ding Huowang leopard like roar, pointing to the son said, "what's his name? Ding hero! The hero is not on the battlefield, don't at home when the tortoise?"
With that, Ding Huowang could not utter a word, that night, he alone to drink a bottle of kaoliang burning, while the misty night, carrying his old gun on the Mount Daqing. He this goes, is three days. Wait to be discovered, Ding Huowang One's breathing is barely perceptible. lying in the valley, one of his arms, no, all be besmeared with blood, side with a plum blossom leopard.
The village people rushed Ding Huowang to the hospital, that night, Ding Huowang woke up, see bedside tearful wife, the first sentence is: "to, the hero called!" Wife dare not neglect, busy ran ten Li Shan Lu, Ding hero to bed. Ding you look his father in the empty arm, cried. Ding Huowang frowned, and asked his wife: "to buy a bottle of liquor to!" His wife would not dare to ask, had to obey.
A little later, buy liquor. Ding Huowang nodded, with one hand and the rest from the pocket a bright shiny things, said: "on the wine to drink, let the hero!"
And Ding Haohan was so bad: "Dad, this... What is this? "
"Gosh, plum bravery?" Ding Huowang's wife was born in an old family medicine, recognized one of the emerald green in general, general sparkling treasure jade.
Mount Daqing a leopard, leopard named plum, plum the strong, fierce, is a rarity, it not only can Ziyin impotence, prolong life, more strange is, there is a local legend, eat the man, life has an iron nerve, majestic blooming. At that time, the Empress Dowager Ci Xi once specially sent to Mount Daqing to kill plum leopard, leopard only several dozen, but did not receive a bravery, the original plum leopard before dying to accumulate the power of the body sends out a shaking heaven and earth roar, the body of the with the roar will burst, so since ancient times, no one yet
