Hanbao leave home, with a construction team South Shenzhen work has been three years, these three years, Han Bao and his friends together, I do not know how much a building warm homes for the people of Shenzhen, but he go out for three years, but even a home also did not return.
That afternoon, Han Bao is the scaffolding work, suddenly heard someone shout: "below Han Bao, somebody is looking for you." He dropped the brick tile ran down to look, see not far away shyly stood a woman. He approached, I almost jumped "surprise: sweet scented osmanthus, how come you to?" The original for his woman is not the others, it is he didn't meet my wife of three years.
Sweet scented osmanthus threw herself into his arms, flush with smiles to say: "you three years not to go home, I all want to die. Just someone in the village to Shenzhen, I just follow to come looking for you. Mom said this in any case have to then let me give her pregnant with grandchildren to go back." "No problem." Han Bao Han Han smile, could not help but put his arms around his wife, ruthlessly dear a. Gui Hua Qiao face is red, pushed him to say: "don't do that, a lot of people watching, waiting for the evening, again not late again......"
So one night, Han Bao and anxious. Why? Because the construction site are male, he usually sleeps in a chase shop with a dozen workers, no private space. If he is in the dormitory with wife affectionate, that not all exposure? Sitting in the People are hurrying to and fro. noisy in the dorm, Hanbao have a look have a look of his wife, wife, two people's eyes are braving the flames. It's no wonder small husband and wife, people just get married not long on the Cowherd and the girl weaver life, three years no see, who do not want to hug each other affectionate enough now? Besides, the sweet scented osmanthus or with a great "mission" mother-in-law to Shenzhen.
Finally, or sweet scented osmanthus has a flexible mind, she said: "Han Po brother, let's go outside a room."
Hanbao wants to also be opposite, so the couple were hand in hand to be full of joy street, came to a hotel, desk lady voice sweetly said: "the one hundred and eighty single rooms, double rooms two hundred and fifty, Mr. miss want a single room or a double room?" Hanbao pinch pocket only a fifty yuan note, frighten be defeated and flee.
Sweet scented osmanthus saw his embarrassment, gently said: "Han Po brother, don't worry, hotels can not afford, I live in a small hotel is not into?" The couple have turned into an alley, find a hostel, boss in the ambiguous look them, speak Mandarin halfcooked said: "the eighty room, double room one hundred and twenty, absolute safety, ensure that no one round." Hanbao face a red, had to angrily out of retirement.
Can not go back to the dormitory, but also can not afford to open room, Han treasure heart depressed, had to hold the sweet scented osmanthus as frozen as the brightly lit streets of Shenzhen go back and forth with.
Walked and walked, Hanbao suddenly thought of a place, the heart of the excitement of the fire was lit again, escape one's lips: "with!" Say, his wife ran away. The couple through the bustling noisy city, continue south, came to a deserted little Shenzhen river. Hanbao pointed to a piece in an unbroken line of sugarcane said: "the day when be when the bed, tonight let us with the last child in this free of charge in the hotel."
Sweet scented osmanthus heard he said "with the last child", not by blushed, two people plunged into the cane fields, hee hee laughing, Hanbao hugged sweet scented osmanthus, was about to "action", the hand lightning sword missed a bunch of strong a shot over, then some people shouted: "depth in the middle of the night, in the wilderness of dry what?"
Like sunny thunderbolt, Hanbao the couple was frightened, hurriedly dressed up to look, darling, I saw three big top tower like standing in front of them. Led a 40 year old bearded police flashlight according to their face, said: "Your Majesty know that prostitution is illegal? Go, go to the police station with us. "
"No, no, we are not prostitution, I, we are husband and wife." Hanbao face white with terror, hurried to put the marriage certificate pass. The bearded open look, half believe and half doubt ground asks: "you are really a couple? What nothing doing here in the wilderness? "
"My, my..." Han Bao is an honest man, know today do not tell the truth can not take off a body, then paused, took the couple after three years to Shenzhen to find his wife, the couple have no place to live, to open the room is too expensive, had to improvise a night this wild things turned Come Clean, sweet scented osmanthus straight hide in shame behind him could not lift up.
Listen to the beard, seems not letter, and check their identity cards, said: "no matter what, the first to come with us. Again." Hanbao listen they really want to catch a person, immediately jumped up, cried: "I complete documents, why did you catch me?"
The bearded face sink, way: "cut the crap, went to know." His hand, two young police allowing no explanation will Hanbao couple with a cane, took on a parked police car.
Three policemen drove downtown to go, turn east west turn, walked half an hour before it stopped. Beard the Hanbao couple with said: "to get off." Hanbao trembling, also did not see this is which the police station, was bearded police away into a room. The house is extremely small, placed inside a wooden bed, a table and a few stools. Han Bao and wife looked at each other, heart