As the saying goes, nothing to be afraid of anything. This is not, in my time of the most impoverished, quasi mother-in-law's birthday is coming.
My girlfriend Xiaojuan and all the beauty, is also very loving face, she had been informed with the parents, ready in her mother's birthday I debut. Alas, it seems that this gift I is inevitable, not only have to send to send it with vigour and vitality to the satisfaction of all.
The day before went to her house, I put all our savings turn out, but to strive for progress with determination, I was preparing for the postgraduate entrance examination, how much money? Including coins inside, barely together five hundred meta. A work in the morning, Xiaojuan phone unshakable to pierce to the heart of the matter, she asked: "do you have enough money? Would you like me to send more? "
The girl Xiaojuan what is good, just do not understand the hearts of men, when there were so many colleagues give the money to me, this is not ruined my image? I did not hesitate, immediately raised his voice full of pride: "enough is enough! Rest assured, your satisfaction is guaranteed! "
At noon, I came to a small jewelry store, the boss here is my primary school classmate, not too familiar, but now at least I know. I glance over the counter, immediately found a problem, there are two seemingly like jade bracelet is discharged together, the price is 2800 yuan, take out a closer look, one is the natural color, and the other one is acquired through dyeing. Knowledgeable people all know, jade your will is the color, the two jade bracelet really, look the same, but in fact there is a world of difference.
Into the manager's room, after greeting, I patted old classmate's shoulder, just found that out. Old classmates very surprised, don't know why I have such a capability. I laughed: "know that I was to enter oneself for an examination what professional? Jewelry appraisal! Old classmates, you counter where something is false, slightly knowledgeable people can see, courage is too great." Hearing the words, he be rendered speechless, blunt I picked straight thumb.
From the jewelry store out, my pocket containing only dyed jade bracelet, originally, the profiteers schoolmate to send me, but I don't want to owe him a favor, and the price is not expensive, just according to the purchase price to buy, only 200 yuan. I want a beautiful box installed, according to my request, the sales list a lot, neatly filled with 2800 yuan.
Xiaojuan see Bracelet price, moved to a strength to pinch my arm, be full of joy to lead me to walk her home. To tell you the truth, I'm not an occupation liar, with a fake door, along the way, be anxious and fearful, only half the heart empty. Pass by the supermarket, I couldn't help to Xiaojuan said: "to buy something else."
Xiaojuan almond eyes a stare: "buy, two thousand eight hundred is not enough? Forget it! "
But I still insisted, spent money, bought a few big bag of things to put in the hands, was a little relieved some.
Because have sinister motives, in Xiaojuan's home, I had been so modest and prudent refined and courteous. Xiaojuan see me yet no movement, went from my pocket and took out a gift, take the matter seriously say: "this but he spent several months salary to buy." Xiaojuan parents listened to, click of the tongue to say: "too expensive! Too expensive! " Especially Xiaojuan mom, the canthus tip of brow are smiling, put me from head to foot boast a times.
As the saying goes, something bad to me. I do not know is conscience or dizzy, I unexpectedly doings of ghosts and gods to escape one's lips: "I heard that now fake jade very much, also don't know Is it right? Really."
A remark, Xiaojuan hurriedly flying remedy: "you do not learn the right, this also look not to come out? Yes is true! "
"Yeah, really." I as if wakening from a dream, quickly close the mouth.
After the interview, Xiaojuan Xiaoniaoyiren to accompanied me out, apparently, her parents are very happy with me. But along the way I was not amused, initial deception, I always feel nervous, seems to always have been exposed possible. I equivocate to remind Xiaojuan, jade is very easy to break, the best is still up don't wear, also do not for outsiders to see, touch more people affect the gloss......
Xiaojuan smiled and pinched me: "how, loathe to give up? Rest assured, expensive things my mother wouldn't wear it, certainly up."
Have a guilty conscience. In my heart secretly pray, God bless! Only once, I would!
After a few days, I went to Xiaojuan, her family only one person. I asked her parents to which, Xiaojuan lips, said: "it is you that sentence make, what false jade very much ah, get my mom always be suspicious is not assured, this not, today early in the morning and dragged my dad to do the identification, appraisal cost several hundred heard it, it is not a waste of money!"
Finished! I played like a head-on blow, sat down and dumb as a wooden chicken. Xiaojuan asked: "how do you? Identification of the identification pictures, to spend money can buy. Learn this, you are not fooled? "
I smiled and said: "Oh, this... Be sure not to think, is the identification of charge is too high."
"What this scared, my mama said, if it is false, she went to the consumer complaints, ask the boss to return!"
God! That's what I'm afraid ah! True knots, I keep on living? This matter should not be delayed., I have to beat to the jewelry shop to find old classmates, only to fall back on. For me, however, to hear