Zhang Lin and Wang Lili are a couple, two people get married for eight years, hands also does not have much savings, we plan to go to Guangzhou there selling some clothing and sell, earn some money.
Just, a car to Changsha to the unit, Zhang Lin and Wang Lili are going to ride, Changsha and then take the train to Guangzhou, so you can save a sum of money.
On the way, Zhang Lin told Wang Lili: "I'm in Changsha and old friends, this guy's name is David, when the love Shuaxiao clever tricks, sharper, and he and I grew up in an alley, the relationship between iron desperately! I already told David called, let him to help us set down Guangzhou's train ticket, can we get together in Changsha."
"Your friends are everywhere!" Wang Lili joked that she knew Zhang Lin heavy affection, love to make friends.
Zhang Lin asked his wife talk about all sorts of interesting, when David said to rise, he mysteriously said to Wang Lili: "you know, let's get married before, David also asked me to lend him six thousand dollars!"
Heard the money, Wang Lili spirits, casually asked: "he also?"
Zhang Linxiao happily said: "no, not yet!"
Wang Lili stared: "why not? Our business is in need of capital. "
Zhang Linle cheerfully explained: "there is a story of the first day, I once to break someone's bag, to compensate! I'm afraid parents know will beat me, unto David to borrow five dollars, he said nothing would lend it to me, that's him a week earlier money. Then I also he said what also don't, I and David swear, in this life each other lend each other money who are not also, John who violate the oath!"
My God! Wang Lili angry and funny, "you are a fool, others use five dollars bought you heart, lied to you six thousand pieces of ah!"
Zhang Lin face a sink: "don't say what 'bribe', 'cheat'! This is the friendship! "
Wang Lili see the husband was angry, too busy to transfer a topic: "Oh, that David do what now?" "Doing business, he had to borrow my money is to do business in Changsha, heard that a few years to earn a lot of money......"
Wang Lili listened, lips did not say anything, but the in the mind secretly make, see that David, have the opportunity to get back the money.
The car to Changsha, Zhang Lin is calling David. David really loud, Wang Lili on the side also can hear the phone came the voice: "wow! Foolish head zhang! You have arrived, really want to die you... " Wang Lili don't understand ground to ask: "what foolish head piece?" Zhang Lin pointed to his, whispered to Wang Lili said: "my childhood nickname!" Wang Lili by "throwing" a laugh: "pour also live up to one's name!"
The phone, David told Zhang Lin, he had to help them buy a ticket to Guangzhou, but the first to leave them in Changsha live one day, have a good time. David also make fun of to say: "I even stay fees are ready, it is in my bag!"
The two old friends on the phone Rio good place to meet. Who knows, a mobile phone Lingang down here, over there in the factory to the phone, the car the original Zhang Lin couple took the factory to Changsha a customer delivery, did not expect the goods out of the question, just to Zhang Lin the assistant engineer to solve.
Now, to meet David plans fell through. Zhang Lin touch head straight to worry, Wang Lili suddenly have a brain wave, said: "you go to work, I mean you to meet by with your old friends, the way people bought train tickets for us to take." Zhang Lin felt the only way, just nodded.
Wang Lili came to the agreed place, not long, David drove to the. From afar, he stuck his head out from the window and shouted: "eldest sister-in-law good!"
Wang Lili followed David came to his company, David because I did not see an old friend of Zhang Lin, diesheng say "sorry". Wang Lili thought about her husband David "cheat" walk six thousand blocks, always feel this David is false feeling false righteousness, how to see how like a charlatan.
David Wang Lili rushed to the coffee and asked: "now the house how?"
"Oh, things aren't going so well!" Wang Lili opened the chatterbox, deliberately complained, "we rely on the couple's salary can barely sustain life, children's reading overhead and big, so we want to do a little business, his hand and took out the cost, alas!" David Wang Lili listening to the complaints, a smile on the face of stiff, but said nothing.
Chat for a while, David always didn't mention the situation. Wang Lili could not bear it, pretend to suddenly remember something like: "yes, if we get married before you borrow my Zhang Lin six thousand pieces?" David looks slightly changed, the embarrassment of a smile: "this...... Are like this, but... "
"Of course I know!" Wang Lili quickly said, "you have agreed to borrow money is not also said! Since there is agreement, nature should comply with the agreement, even if, even if we're home now hurry to spend money, my family and Zhang Lin is not asking for money......"
That is not, it is not obvious in the money? The atmosphere was uncoordinated, two people did not speak for a while. Or David first to break the silence, he took out an envelope from the briefcase on the table, say: "eldest sister-in-law! This envelope is I for you two ready hospitality, originally wanted to ask you in Changsha