Reporters from the Shandong province Jining city festival activities office was informed that, in September 28, 2005 (Confucius's birthday), Confucian Temple (Confucious'Temple) around the world will be jointly organized the "world of Confucian Temple with the worship of Confucius" activities.
Confucius is a great thinker, politician, educationist in ancient China, founder of the Confucian school. The thought theory of Chinese ancient philosophy, politics, economy, culture, education and social life, social folk have a profound effect, has the extremely important status in the history of Chinese, is the mainstream of Chinese traditional culture, is an important heritage of the oriental culture and the history of the world as an important symbol of the cultural treasure house, and made an indelible contribution to human civilization and progress of society. According to statistics, at home and abroad, some countries and regions, the existing Confucian Temple (Confucious'Temple) more than 1300 seats, many of Confucian Temple (Confucious' Temple) in Confucius birthday commemorations are held, this indicates that Confucius thought is not only the China, also belongs to the human, not only has a profound impact on the social history, has a long, huge in today's society and influence in the development of human society. In 2004 March, Premier Wen Jiabao, General Secretary Hu Jintao leadership of the Central Committee of Jining Province in the construction of Shandong City, the city symbol of Chinese culture made important instructions. General Secretary Hu Jintao pointed out in his instructions, carry forward the fine traditional culture of the Chinese nation is a historic event. Last year, the relevant departments of the state have made a decision, plans to build 100 Confucius college at home and abroad. To expand the influence of Chinese culture in the world. Shandong Province, Jining city is one of the important birthplace of Chinese culture, is the birthplace of Huang Di and Xuan Yuan hole, Meng, Yan, once the five saints, Zisi's hometown, the birthplace of Confucian culture, has a unique advantage and influence in the world cultural geography. In order to further carry forward the fine traditional culture of the Chinese nation, the city of Jining during the 2005 International Confucius Cultural Festival, will be a joint around the world held jointly "world of Confucian Temple with Confucius" activities. The rational use of the Confucian Temple for propaganda and protection of better (Confucious'Temple) this huge world, precious historical and cultural heritage, to build a world cultural exchange platform, to enhance the cohesion of the Chinese nation, expand the influence Chinese culture in the world, is very important and far-reaching significance.
The event by the international Confucianism Association, China society of cultural relics, Chinese Confucius foundation, the Chinese culture promotion society, CO sponsored China Confucian Temple Protection Association and the Jining Municipal People's government, Jining City People's Government of Qufu City, festival activities around the office, Confucian Temple Museum, united the contractor.
Qufu Confucian Temple (Temple) Confucius Memorial arrangements: (a) Qufu Confucian Temple confucius. Location: Qufu Great Hall of Confucian Temple. To be divided into three steps, 1, sacrificial rites. Hole descendant according to ritual traditional ceremonies. 2, public memorial ceremony. The world famous businessman, contemporary educators, thinkers, leaders and guests from home and abroad, tourists and Jining City, Qufu City, the social from all walks of life, in accordance with the modern way of confucius. 3, Confucius music and dance performances.
(two) Confucius worship activities around the world. Confucian Temple: Beijing, Confucian Temple, Zhejiang Confucian Temple, Quzhou Confucius temple, Nanjing Confucious'temple, Fuzhou Confucious' temple, Quanzhou, Tianjin, Guangdong, Sichuan Deqin Confucious'temple Confucious' temple Deyang Confucious'temple. Hong Kong Confucian Temple: Hongkong KongJiao college, Taipei Confucian Temple. Foreign Confucian Temple: Seoul Korea Sungkyunkwan Confucian Temple, Tokyo Confucian Temple, Confucian Temple America Cologne in Germany, the city of San Francisco Shandong Association etc.. By then, will be around by the Confucian Temple according to the traditional Confucius Memorial Ceremony activities, time.
The event will be broadcast live from the CCTV site (about 4 hours), CCTV and throughout the country and abroad TV shooting reports. Sohu.com, xinhuanet.com, China Confucius, international Confucius culture festival site, Oriental holy city net site live, hundreds of domestic and foreign news media on-site interview. Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Confucian Temple", is found
115343
A related Webpage.
