"Mandarin" academic resume name on the grounds, I have special wrote titled "to" modern Han nationality common language "name --" Mandarin "should be back called" Mandarin "" papers (published in Hongkong "Chinese construction of communication" in 2004 June Seventy-eighth issue), this paper is attached, allow or not superfluous words.
Now we wish to further emphasize: the same as the name of "national language", "Mandarin" not as "Mandarin" as clear, sure, clear and solemn reflect the concept of "country". And probably it is because of the concept of the "country", the Taiwan authorities in the implementation of "a series of measures to Chinese", only the abolition of "Chinese education" of orders. "Mandarin" this "country" refers to the "natural China", refers to "the whole Chinese including Taiwan". "Mandarin" is the common language of the Chinese. We don't want the islanders will "Mandarin", just as the language, also do not want more and more of the Hong Kong and Macao and overseas Chinese with China mainland will pass the language called "mandarin". From the overall national situation, the national emotion and fellow blood, we do not hope "Mandarin" has become history, not on the mainland in Taiwan for different reasons has made it as a different sense of disappeared, such as the name, for example, in essence. We hope that its name to "Resurrection" in mainland China, its life can continue in Taiwan. The "Resurrection" and "continuity" will be warm, like Mr. Lian Zhan, the 2005 "journey of peace", "the journey".
In conclusion, I think that the "national language" recovery "Mandarin" name the moment ought to. From "concept", from "cross-strait four a" sense "Mandarin" is also the name of the recovery. Welcome to discuss]
The accompanying text:
"The common language of modern Han nationality names"
"Mandarin" -- when the back called "mandarin"
The modern Han nationality common language, from its formation to the present, there are two names: "Mandarin" and "mandarin". Before and after five four, to seek for a "national language" of the "national language movement" and advocate "language consistent" and "Bai Huawen movement" has effectively promoted the formation and extension of the common language of modern Han nationality. ". The period of the Republic of China is the "modern Han nationality common language" is called the "national language", this name until now not only is still Taiwan area that extended use, many Hong Kong and Macao compatriots and overseas Chinese will still habitually in use. And the mainland is after 1955, the abolition of the "language" of this name, in particular, is held in the years of the Chinese Academy of Sciences of the standardization of modern Chinese problem of academic conference, in order to determine the "Mandarin" as the official name of the common language of modern Han nationality. ". Then in February 6, 1956, the State Council issued the "instructions" to promote mandarin.
The name may be more? Can; can be used as a new name? Can. But as Xunzi says, "the pivotal business name, also must be aware", the "centre" is: worthy of the name, or said is a "refers to the real". "The common language of modern Han nationality" two times "business", what is more "facts" or "refers to the real"?
The first analysis of the "Mandarin" a. According to "legal" argument, Mandarin is refers to the "common language" of modern Chinese, in modern Chinese textbooks, also can often see "Mandarin is the standard language of modern Chinese like that. However, as the word "ordinary" meaning, it is a "normal," does not contain the "common" meaning, also does not contain the "standard" meaning. If say here "general" means "universal" means, is the so-called reduction or phrases, then it is not in line with the phrase cut or simply must follow the principle of "clear and Convention". For example, people listen to the "North" that is "Peking University", listen to "the Olympic Games" that is "Olympic Games", and "ordinary" is not, people will not think of "universal". This is like a shop and said "man", "female cattle people", at least not immediately think of "man" is "men's cattle leather shoes", "female cow" is a "women's leather", store owner must special explanation, or customers are not aware of (this is of course a pole end some example). People listen to "ordinary", the most direct thought is "common, general". So with "limited components of ordinary" as "the common language of modern Han nationality" this "word", strictly speaking is not a "pass", is not too clear, but also can be said to be the "standard language" or "modern Chinese modern Han nationality common language" is called "Mandarin" is a less accurate, the loss of rigorous. It is the name of the period of the Republic of China "Mandarin", still shows its strong vitality and inherent rationality.
"Mandarin" refers to "the standard language in common use formal provisions of national national people". "Mandarin" as "the National Anthem", "flag", "national emblem", "flower", the "country", which refers to the "national" or "representing the state", "Mandarin" than "ordinary" the limit component, apparently came good and much more meaningful. Moreover, the "Mandarin" although refers to the "common language" modern Han nationality, but from its function, it is the common language of Chinese people universal, the national constitution also provides that: "the popularizing Putonghua nationwide", "people's Republic of China national common language law" will also be
