In the first World War, the U. S. infantry seventh division thirty-first regiment successfully against Russia to strengthen Siberia, the illustrious military exploits, Woodrow? Wilson president awarded the "polar bear group" title, and the president personally awarded the "polar bear flag".
In the war of second battle emerging in combat, I volunteer army's twenty-seventh military extreme inferior equipment, wiped out all the American pride, America army's most elite troops "polar bear mission", on to the head, down to the soldiers, none escape from the net. Colonel Mcclain was a volunteer army colonel killed, captured the flag -- "the polar bear flag.
In 1950 November, the U.S. tenth army battlefield East, 3 north road began to make. At this time the "polar bear" group consisted of 3 infantry battalions, a tank company into, posts 3191; main armament except rifles, carbines, heavy machine guns, there are a large number of 60 or 90 rocket launchers, 57 anti tank guns, 60 mortars and 22 tanks. (such as with the attachment force, the total strength of up to 4100 people, all kinds of gun 46, 37 tanks.) At the same time, the regiment in the war, every day can also get aviation 2 ~ 8 sorties fire support. I had neither tanks nor military aircraft, only a small amount of small caliber gun and 60 rocket launcher. It can be said that the enemy weapons and equipment, the large disparity of is a world of difference.
In the face of such strong equipment of the enemy, has the glorious historical tradition and our daring Ganpin fighting style, in the ninth regiment into, braved the cold to 35 DEG C, the theater into the. At midnight on November 27th, to eightieth division was ordered to strengthen our 81 division 242 regiment a total of 4 regiment to attack the enemy in the emerging area.
In view of the fact that the enemy weapons and equipment is advanced, and air support, I decided to take a traditional melee night fighting tactics, unexpectedly, foster strengths and circumvent weaknesses, defeat the enemy.
Combat is initiated, the 239th group 4 with instructor Zhuang Yuandong rate of a platoon into the emerging in the Dongshan, found the mountainside tents within about a U. S. Army platoon is sleeping. Zhuang instructor immediately ordered the platoon surround them. However, there is a soldier accidentally slipped on a stack of cans on. Ding Ding clanging noise enemy. Zhuang instructor seeing this, immediately ordered the troops to fire. In thirty, several American devils all...
The other two rows of 4 even in the company commander Li Changyan led from the flank to with rapid. On the other side of the hill they into the front of the house, just listen to the enemy a relentlessly "hullabaloo hullabaloo" toward their cry. Originally, the enemy that is a misunderstanding happened family. That sounds right to Lee company commander they indicate target. So, they opened up with heavy machine guns, the enemy down a piece of. The enemy immediately began to counterattack. Monitor Zhuang instructors, song and several soldiers have casualties. Li company commander realized this play not, change tactics immediately. He made some gestures to class queues. Usually the tacit understanding of the men instantly understood his intentions: in addition to stay in front of minority staff continue to contain the enemy, the main rapid encircle the past. Under the cover of darkness, I each battle group use terrain leap forward. Presently, there are two teams into the enemy first independent house shot dead in. They soon will be a grenade from the windows and doors to CIC to house, some also took the opportunity to end gun to hit the sweep. The enemy is our army this personal tactics to play with, immediately show all sorts of ugly behaviours, some raised their hands, some cover one's face and creep away, some lying on the ground dead...... A desperate struggle of enemy killed.
4 for this game, continuous captured many independent house of the enemy. When the collection of trophies, Li company commander they found that the house had telephone, walkie talkie, wall hung on the battle map, and unburned operation document, the enemy a Colonel (later known as the colonel Mcclain) also thrown in the house. So this is where the enemy regiment staff. The battlefield is not finished cleaning, Li company commander they found the mountain there is an enemy to a stop challenging. They by the suddenness of a thunderbolt into the enemy stop challenging, and destroy their an artillery battalion command post. So far, a total of 4 enemy prisoners of war even kill and wound more than 300 people, pay the cannon 12 even 4 casualties, and not to one of the 10 U. s.. After the war, even our awarded the "emerging in the war" model company title.
28 morning, surrounded in emerging in the "polar bear mission" Yu Department organized a counterattack. I 27jun determined to bite off the hard stuff. After two days and two nights of tug of war, "the polar bear mission" losses. I'm eightieth Division also paid a heavy price, frostbite freeze death and combat casualties more than half. But our army had only one sentence: we must kill this "polar bear".
In the 240 group 3 with only two rows of the circumstances, still asked to play the main attack enemy 3 independent house task. When they scored the first house, because the follow-up units did not keep up with, and the flat terrain hidden factors such as inconvenience, by 3 converging attack the enemy fire. Even the 3 officers and men independent enemy and started fighting, and destroyed one tank. Later, they attacked second houses. The company commander, instructor and deputy political instructor and more than 20 soldiers have been casualties, after an extremely brutal fight, combat, finally conquered the second houses and two bunker.
Then the company only 16 people, but they are in the platoon sergeant Marie really led the way, braving a hail of bullets to attack the third house. Out of bullets, grenades to throw light on the bayonet fight, bend, stones, sticks to attack weapon in battle when the blazing the most cruel, fist, nails, teeth