In 1950 June, the winds of war on China earth suddenly sprang up. This month 25 days, the outbreak of the Korean War. American at South Korea on the verge of death or destruction, immediately sent troops to intervene directly, under the UN banner, the mobilization of more than a dozen countries into war, played three eight
North to the line. The Democratic People's Republic of China are in danger, at the same time, the war flame burns to the Chinese border.
The newly established people's Republic of China is facing a severe test, Mao Zedong personally chaired the meeting of the Political Bureau, decided to take a major decision.
At this time, Lin Biao is in southern Guangzhou, he has already got the information, the meeting of the Central Political Bureau has made a strategic decision, the people's Liberation Army to cross the the Yalu River fighting abroad.
"This is the strongest in the world imperialist contest. But, who led troops abroad? He pinched fingers one by one, Mao Zedong will who will? "He shook his head," most likely points to his head. This is not funny, just after the world over and hardly out of fighting abroad, and it is a strong, if there should happen......"
"You sleep?" the night, lady Ye rolled over and whispered.
"The troops abroad..." Lin Biao breathed a sigh of relief, "I estimate that in all likelihood will let me lead troops to korea. This is a disproportionate battle... "
"No matter what you can't go!" Ye cried sat up, "even the Japanese were defeated in American hands. They have the bomb, our weapons so backward, this is not an egg stone? Defeated, will certainly catch the scapegoat, this is a thankless thing."
"I think so," said Lin Biao, "what if Mao Zedong I will, how can refuse? A military generals, the enemy to the doorstep, this is driven to revolt, non invasion can not."
He heaved a sigh of relief, murmured: "do not obey the command, the somebody else will say that Lin Biao is a coward......"
Ye Qun also toss and turn restlessly, silent for a long time, said: "every key time, Chairman Mao always point you will, as I see it, this Nive out of ten will be your. With a reason to refuse? "
"Yes!" Lin Biao exclaimed: "be exactly what reason?"
The two man was silent for a long time, leaf group suddenly sat up: "a!"
There is quite a chapter of leaf group has finally come up with a reason to be right and proper.
Sure enough, before long, Lin Biao received a notice from the general office of the CPC Central Committee, to his speed to Beijing, there is an important work to discuss. Answers to the Lin Biao belt leaf group, take the car, to Beijing.
Second day afternoon, Lin Biao went into Mao Zedong's room, Mao Zedong stood up to face to come over.
Chairman of the "body good?" Lin Biao quickly stepped forward holding tightly asked Mao Zedong's hand.
"A couple of days?" Mao Zedong did not answer Lin Biao's questions, asked the sentence.
Lin Biao says with smile: "yesterday."
"Sit!" Mao Zedong put a hand to sit, face smile tunnel: "you lately?"
Lin Biaoyao shook his head: "in recent months old make stomach, insomnia is also a world of violent. What is strange, in the difficult war years, day of the march to war, I although the body is not how good, but better than now. In times of peace, stability and the trials and tribulations of life also, but more up."
Mao Zedong looked at Lin Biao and said gently: "go to the hospital, the doctor to check!"
Chatted for a while, then get down to business.
Lin Biao constantly nodded his head, he concentrate one's attention on listening to Mao Zedong's extremely elegant and valuable conversation. He knew, Mao Zedong such talk off the reel, the intention is clear, he led to mobilization. However, he did not dare to take the risk.
Mao Zedong at silent Lin Biao got down, come straight to the point: "I and Shao Qi, the prime minister had to discuss, plan to let you command to, how?"
"The president and several central leading comrades let me lead troops to Korea this is to my trust. Now, as the leader of the army, to defend our sacred territory of the motherland, rate soldiers go to war, this is a sacred duty, is duty bound." Here, he embarrassed to say, "I just this several months of poor health, old sweating, limb weakness, dizziness, sleep not good not to. Man of bloodshed is a trivial matter, I am afraid can't afford such a burden, is not to send a stronger than me, physically better Comrade to......"
Lin Biao to the body is sick rejection rate soldiers battle grounds, which surprised Mao Zedong.
Mao Zedong did not think of their years in one hand and cultivate love, at the crucial moment did not obey their orders. But he was the great statesman and a sense of accomplishment, quietly said: "the body is not good, then have a good rest! If south medical condition is not good, come to Beijing for treatment. The body is the capital of revolution, without a good body, can take on the important work......"
One afternoon, responsible for the central senior leadership health care doctor Fu Lianzhang came to visit Lin Biao.
Because of work, Fu Lianzhang was a frequent visitor to high home. He visited, Lin Biao wasn't surprised, from March, they know, are old friends. Greeting words, then transferred to the subject.
"Lin recently what body?" Fu Lianzhang asked with concern.
"Not good
