By the Chinese culture promotion society and Peking University jointly sponsored the "Twentieth Century Chinese photography classic works of high-end commented" held in May 22nd at Yingjie Exchange Center of Peking university. More than 30 Mainland photography participating everyone and Peking University students together to the selected 172 pieces of classical Chinese photographic works for analysis and evaluation.
The Chinese photographic classic selection activity is in 2004 January start, works for the world Chinese photographers and the late famous photographers families to solicit contributions.
172 works selected by both at home and abroad is a dozen senior Chinese judges, selected from more than 7000 pieces of treasure in the photos, these photos recorded from 1900 to 2000, a major event in the 100 year history of the China and historical changes, and also a lot of photos showing different aspects of life in the period of people.
Organizers said, the selection of these photos first came to the campus, is to make the students more directly and comprehensively understand the China modern history. In June, these photos will also be exhibited in Beijing, Shanghai, Hongkong 8 city. And global tour at the end of the year.
&amp;nbsp;
Extended reading: special --20 century Chinese photography classic
01 physicists Chen Ning Yang
1
Deng Wei resume
Deng Wei: male, born in 1959. In 1982 graduated from the Photography Department of Beijing Film Academy and taught as a cinematographer. From 1980 to 1985, China culture celebrity portrait shot; from 1990 to 1997 at their own expense footprint across five continents, photographing celebrities in the world, has become a famous portrait photographer, adjunct professor. Distinguished research fellow, senior member of the Royal Photographic Society, membership Chinese Photographers Association, in 2004 won the highest award - Chinese photography awards.
"Physicist Chen Ning Yang"
Filmed in February 10, 1994. Author Deng Wei took this picture in a detailed interpretation of Chen Ning Yang's wonderful life background. At the end of the 40's, Chen Ning Yang built the world's first atomic reactor Fermi professor from the host, the structure model of jointly proposed the elementary particle, become a new star rising USA physics. "USA father of the hydrogen bomb," Professor Taylor to help Chen Ning Yang chose as the research direction of theoretical physics; in 1957, Chen Ning Yang and Li Zhengdao put forward: the principle of parity nonconservation, promote the new development of the research on the physics of elementary particles, when the annual Nobel physics prize from me. When the author met Professor Chen Ning Yang. He was a 72 year old man, is talking with students, he looked younger than actual age more. He sat on a sofa, the background is bookshelf, a computer side. "I think this is a good position, it has been taken in this. He suggested:. I like the aisle wall said that several painting Einstein's portrait in black, pat as sketch like concise, please Professor Yang and sat down by the window a long wooden table, continue to communicate with students, he and students in the process of communication, often held their palms together, seemed to be in a short meditation. Author to capture this fully demonstrated his character typical moment, his silence in the implication of distant and jumping thoughts.