&amp;nbsp;
From Yalta commitments
On February 4, 1945 to 11, a landmark meeting held in Yalta, attend the meeting have Su, beauty, Britain summit Stalin, Roosevelt and Churchill. An important content of the meeting is to discuss the Soviet troops to the Northeast China issue. As early as 1943 meeting in Tehran, Stalin to Roosevelt and Churchill said: "if Germany last fall, then might have the necessary support to troops into Siberia, then we can unite to fight against japan." This is the first time Stalin made it clear that in Germany after the war the Soviet Union will participate in the war against japan.
Ad_dst = 0;
Document.write (""); ad_dst = ad_dst+1;
At that time, the three party also the Soviet Union sent troops to northeast political conditions were exploratory talks.
When in the construction of Siberia railway, a British people had this to say: "get a free port as a railroad terminus station in Asia, may be Russia reasonable desire...... Have a free port means that the railway to the port through which the entire area will become the Russian."
The Tehran conference, Churchill also said the same words: "such as Russia a great land should be a free port." No doubt, this sentence played right into Stalin's hands, so he asked Churchill: "in the Far East of Russia can do what?" Churchill said in answer, he was interested in the Soviet Far East View on ice free port. Roosevelt explicitly told Stalin, Freeport claims can be applied to the Far East, he said: for example, there is the possibility of dalian. Stalin agrees, joy shows between the lines: "that is not bad."
In Yalta, February 8th, Stalin with Roosevelt secret discussion Soviet troops went to Northeast China problem. Stalin put forward the Soviet Union sent troops to the conditions, he said: "if these conditions are not met, we will be difficult to explain why the people of the Soviet Union, China should participate in the war against japan."
In February 10th, Soviet Foreign Minister Molotov will draft agreement on Soviet troops Stalin submitted USA conditions in Su Dashi Harriman. On the same day, Stalin again with Roosevelt meeting, on the draft revised, become the official text. However, Stalin said to Roosevelt, Dalian cannot become the international port, the Soviet Union need to get around the naval base of port arthur.
Did not participate in the formulation of a draft agreement to Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union between the two countries do not have the same English talk. However, in February 11th, Stalin and Roosevelt had invited Churchill to sign the agreement on. Until then, Churchill saw the treaty text. So, this agreement became "agreement, Sue beauty, Britain about Japan (Yalta agreement)".
"The main content of the Yalta agreement" as follows: Sue, beauty, the British three world leaders to agree, in two months the surrender of Germany and Europe after the end of the war or within three months of the Soviet Union will participate in the fight against the Japanese allies, the conditions for the:
1, Mongolia (Republic of Mongolia) the need to maintain the status quo.
Before destruction, Japan in 1904 2 treacherous attack Russian interests shall be recovered, i.e.:
A) south of Sahalim island and the neighbouring islands shall be returned to the Soviet Union some;
B) Dalian port must be international, Soviet superiority interests in the port shall be guaranteed, the Soviet Union to hire Lushun Port as a naval base is to be restored;
C) Dalian to communicate and contact with the outside world the Middle East Railway and the South Manchurian Railway, should set up a Sino Soviet joint company to operate together, through the understanding, superior rights shall be guaranteed of the Soviet Union, and China shall be maintained in full sovereignty in Manchuria.
3, the Kuril Islands is required to submit to the Soviet Union.
The British Foreign Secretary Aydin criticized Roosevelt, said he was keen to engage in "secret negotiations" with Stalin, reached agreement on the Far East, "neither informed his British colleagues, also don't notice his ally of china". Perhaps it is this reason, Sue beauty both sides agreed, for strict confidentiality agreement to. That Roosevelt over a period of time even for America ambassador Hurley also denied the existence of this agreement.
In August 14, 1945, for Stalin, is also a happy day. One day, Chinese national governments signed the "Sino Soviet Treaty of friendship and alliance with the Soviet government". At the moment, "very proud" to describe Stalin a little too much. He happily went around the globe, promote the globe with finger, described the boundary line of the Soviet Union to Molotov, his eyes with the Soviet territory to the East up to his finger: "here is what? The Kuril Islands today is our, Sakhalin is our, you see, how wonderful! Even the Lushunkou, Dalian is ours. " Speaking of which, Stalin puff plume of smoke gradually waft out. Stalin felt unsatisfied, and pipe along the Northeast China drew a line, said excitedly: "even in the long rail is our. China, Mongolia -- everything is OK... You see, on our border I can not satisfied!"
Siberia railway, originally is the need for the invasion of Chinese czar. After a few years, the trans Siberia railway into large artery to China Soviet troop of the northeast. About seven hundred thousand of the Soviet Red Army mobilized, rely on the a Siberia monorail. The Soviet Union put so many troops, weapons and other military supplies from the battlefields of Europe 9000 to 12000 kilometers outside quickly transferred to the Far East, and
