Serial "listen to grandma said that a thing of the past -- Mao Zedong and He Zizhen" (excerpt)
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Author: Kong Dongmei, Publisher: Central Literature Publishing House
The first of the gang
In 1927, 18 year old grandmother, team Jinggangshan, became the first female warrior of Jinggangshan revolutionary base. Where she first met my grandpa Mao zedong. See grandma this "Yongxin flower" in the sparsely populated Wanshan clump, Grandpa froze.
Remember: when grandpa grandma was wearing a shabby grey cloth Zhongshan Fu, like several others, neck and tied a red identification tape. He was very tall, very thin, cheekbones are sticking out. The hair is parted from the middle to both sides, long. The skin is tanned, with no recovery after heavy fighting fatigue still look. But a pair of eyes are God, shows his wisdom, gentle and perseverance. His feet to walk a bit awkward, it is because of the long march rubs foot, not timely treatment, the wound fester.
When Yuan Wencai led the grandpa grandma grandpa came to the front, some surprise. He did not expect, in Jinggangshan the "protagonist", there is a young girl. Yuan Wencai said, "she is a cadre of Yongxin, named He Zizhen."
Grandpa mystery meal release, he gave a hearty laugh and said: "I still think she's your daughter, or which Comrade families na!" He took grandmother's hand and said: "very good, very good, in the future we fight together!"
Yuan Wencai is my grandma righteousness, is grandma and grandpa marriage big matchmaker. In the see grandpa grandma has been before, sweetheart, that's his party membership -- Ouyang Luo. When two people are apart, lost contact, grandma and had never before, only to miss a buried in the heart.
My grandmother is a kind-hearted man. The first time I saw my grandpa Mao Zedong, found his gall fester feet on the same day, allowing no explanation for his scrub dressing. Grandpa always remember. Grandpa know: This is indeed a future can fight with their good girl.
The spring of 1928, grandma and grandpa went to Yongxin Tang Bian Cun Jinggangshan launched the land reform. Local Hakka dialect to understand, grandma grandpa translation, two people have a relatively close contact, feelings and subtle changes.
Grandpa didn't forget his family in Changsha. When the Communists wanted to kill, he and Yang Kaihui contact through a shop in Ningkang County secret transfer. By the end of 1927, Yang Kaihui had known foreign announcement arrived in Jinggangshan news. The first half of 1928, grandpa to Yang Kaihui sent an urgent letter, but was delayed several months shop. Grandpa felt well, as do not result in the family, reluctantly ended the liaison channels. Later, Yang Kaihui again came, Ouyang Luo was warlord catch killed news.
In those days, this unfortunate indeed happen every day. As Grandpa said: Revolutionary only wiped off the blood, buried the remains of his comrades, to continue the fight.
In the common struggle, grandpa have more understanding of her grandmother, gradually produced the meaning of love, but also to the grandmother exposed his heart, grandma is with his admiration of the people living together and proud.
Eventually they promise and completed the "Yongxin investigation", Mao, he began a ten years of marriage in the war.
Hard in pursuit of
Before the mom and I went to Jiangxi, first to Fuzhou to visit was nearly 20 years of great aunt (82 years old). Grandaunt son-in-law Yongping uncle told me: "the old lady with a belly story", suggested that I should talk with her. I had an interview with the old man, indeed, many of the true mingled with the false historical scenes in her mouth is so vivid, touching (in brackets is I add notes).
"The president every time before we find He Zizhen, knocked at her door. He Zizhen said: 'if you have something to say, she put the window' window opened a small crack. The chairman: I have to go. She thought: you should go, what is the matter with me? Why do you want to speak with me? So, after each president to go, to knock her window. He knows that the door is knocked off, she is certainly not to open the door.
He Zizhen was quite a character, the heart has set a lover. The man (Ouyang Luo) is very talented, written a good word, is a leader in Jiangxi. But He Zizhen had not shown, she had not shown to anyone.
President to understand her, she thought the guy. Then the chairman told her, the man (Ouyang Luo) has been killed. He what to where to go to the meeting, was caught, killed. This man had talent, is our most Jiangxi area early in the revolution, He Zizhen's leadership. He Zizhen regards him because he be a brilliant man of wide learning. The president told her, she didn't believe that this person is dead... Later confirmed dead (secretary of the CPC Hubei Provincial Committee Ouyang Luo was arrested at the expense of 1930).
Chairman Mao's pursuit of He Zizhen for a long time, people laughed at him. He takes a fancy to He Zizhen culture, is a local talented woman, but also for the revolutionary character, would rather sacrifice their own spirit. I give an example to you:
One day, the president, Zhu De and others at the meeting, the presence of He Zizhen. When the enemy comes, your grandma (since I was a child, the grandmother called "grandma") hero was, she rode a horse (no light saddle), holding two guns, all things put one gun, they say she can play guns, is the way to the. She put the enemy to divert