Zhongnanhai was built in the swimming pool exactly what month the year, may be No. But the Chinese Communist Party leader after them, with a short body idle land. They work in a long time, came to the swimming pool, soak, a swim, is a rare break. Thus, also introduces some interesting stories.
&amp;nbsp; the middle position of Zhongnanhai swimming pool, the sea passage to the Central Office District Office in the State Council Office area.
The swimming pool was built in what year he Yue, no files can be found, then it is difficult to have some research on it's built. But in the Republic of China during the period of a map of Beijing, at the position of draw a small box, and marked "swimming pool" three words. So, the product is "swimming pool before the founding of the republic. Another evidence of the Republic of China was founded, especially the city of Peiping, Yuan Liang served as mayor of Beijing, had ordered the swim in the Zhongnanhai, shall not be mixed bathing, in the middle of a net, will be split between men and women.
In the Zhongnanhai the open-air swimming pool, in the year can be considered a comparison standard swimming pool. 50 meters long, 25 meters wide, deep North South light. While in the deep water area, there are 10 meters and 3 meter springboard diving. The pool on the East, a sunshade awning, loose a few rattan chair, is for the swimmers rest sitting. To the west of the pool is also provided with a stand, in the stands around four also set up some large potted ornamental trees, mainly pomegranate; here is the dressing room. And then there are the West fence stopped, the fence is the garden and conservatory. In a lot of open-air swimming pool of people, some leaders of the CPC Central Committee, the State Council General Office of the State Council, ban, working in Zhongnanhai in the cadres are here to swim.
On the central leaders to swim here, there are also many interesting things, may wish to do here a disclosure.
After several times of "Persuasion" in Zhongnanhai after Mao Zedong, coincides with the summer heat, but he did not come here to swim. Other leaders from time to time in this show.
Frequented the swimming pool at the time was the party's vice president Liu Shaoji. Liu Shaoji strokes than the norm. He swam in the standard breaststroke, arms, legs paddling drastically, swim faster.
The early years of the Republic, in the CPC Central Propaganda Department by the work of Yu Guangyuan, steamed when summer heat, but also to the swimming pool to soak, cool down. He called: a swimmer is really too bad, not on the table, but also afraid of deep water, can only soak in shallow water. Surrounded by people who are in the swim or in school, influenced by them, I also draw arm and leg kick to self up. But to pull half a day won't float on the water. "
To swim in the water clumsy-handed Guangyuan in Liu Shaoji, miss the point, he stood by the side of the swimming pool, to be patient and meticulous guidance for Guangyuan, told his hands must be coordinated paddling, can swim. Liu Shaoji said and went to him.
Yu Guangyuan as Liu Shaoji had said of the essentials, intimating that a few, can not to get instant results. Liu Shaoji said: "wrong, wrong. You too, to relax, relax to float ma." Then Liu Shaoji went to the water for him to do a demonstration, and encouraged him not to worry, take it easy, then, Liu Shaoji went to the deep water area to swim.
A few days later, Liu Shaoji came to the swimming pool. He saw the water Yu Guangyuan, he stopped and said: "Oh, Yu Guangyuan, don't you soak in the water does not move ah, two, I have a look you swim like how ah." Yu Guangyuan said: "good ah!" Then to swim up, Liu Shaoji see posture look in the light of travel, with a laugh, that does not grade.
Yu Guangyuan later recalled: "obviously, President Liu Shaoji grow on my greatly disappoint one's hopes. I thought at the time: finish, in this life is to learn how to swim, and even the party's number second man himself taught me, I can not learn, then who can teach me?" &amp;nbsp; Mao Zedong in Zhongnanhai swimming pool, precisely, is the "persecution of others".
Deal with a host of problems every day Mao Zedong. Every day busy, but a little leisure, then down. Mao Zedong had a habit of reading in bed, is leaning. Work, reading, study, work, Mao Zedong every day except work is reading, a little movement all have no, very adverse to health. In order to make Mao Zedong exercise properly, Mao Zedong side of the staff, he is responsible for the medical care personnel health, will try various devices to Sato several proper exercise, even let Mao Zedong stretch
Show your limbs, also can adjust the day tight nerve.
Staff in the "channel", Mao Zedong agreed to take a walk, every weekend to "spring coupling Zhai" dance. But he walk not "range fengzeyuan" small courtyard, dancing is not guaranteed to be. We feel that this can not go on, the amount of exercise is so small, can not achieve the purpose of physical exercise, must find other way.
Think it over and over again, the staff came up with that Mao Zedong playing table tennis. Mao Zedong people around so arranged a table tennis room in "Feng Zeyuan", pull the Mao Zedong to play table tennis. Mao Zele playing ping pong interest is not high, he played every mobilization, the fee, in order to let him in the table tennis room.
As long as the Mao Zedong pulled into a table tennis room, he was able to play under the two. Mao Zedong horizontal holding bat, actions such as beginners like some awkward. Whether it is golf, low ball, forward, side to come, he can block to a position, then skilled