"Soushenji" despot "the Lord of the rings" as following the "ShanHaiChing", "journey to the west", "Fengshen Kingdoms", the Chinese nation culture appeared out of stock fantasy. "The Lord of the rings" series of success, "Harry Potter" books people expect, people can not help asking, why the Western Fantasy will achieve such great success? In addition to the commercial speculation, get to the root of the problem the reason attraction is good-looking. That is full of magic and illusion world, people from flat monotonous real spent. The local Chinese have to contend with a fantasy masterpiece? There are! That is "sou Shen Ji Ye Hu tree creation".
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; in 2001, the first Chinese creation myth first wild fox under the tree, unique architecture "fantasy world wilderness of the pure of china. Serialized online only half an year, i.e. in Hong Kong and Taiwan publishing, became the best-selling book. Now the book has millions of people in the online "fans", hundreds of millions of hits, Aancient and modern Legends "fantasy version in the series of the works, sales jumped three times. Game of the same name has also been completed. After the race, "sou Shen Ji" and ultimately by the Bertelsmann Asia publishing company and huanjianshumeng heavy attack, joint planning, Liaoning Education Publishing house. The birth of "sou Shen Ji" is completely based on the Chinese ancient legends, the legend of the mythological characters, such as Shen, the Yellow Emperor, Chi You, the queen mother of the west...... His debut, not only hero Ranger, parthenopipes sacred beasts, magic digest, works on kinship, friendship, love and the magnificent battle scenes described are in no way inferior to the ancient and modern people. "The editor in chief of ancient and modern Legends" fantasy version of this praise, tree Ye Hu is a real China culture inheritance, Chinese fantasy writer, full of wit and great imagination, "China local fantasy carry the banner" this title, is fully deserve. In "sou Shen Ji" as the representative of a large number of outstanding fantasy novels represent the emergence of local Chinese fantasy hope, has also become "a symbol of the rising of new deificationism". Some readers said, a "Three Kingdoms" to "Three Kingdoms" to do research in the ivory tower academics, modeled on a "Soushenji" will one day be the readers to understand the culture and legends of ancient history.
