Fifty-eighth session of Cannes Film Festival opened on May 11th. Although the Cannes Film Festival Organizing Committee put it: America elements still will be in this festival to sing leading role, this session of Cannes Film Festival Asian color should be less than the previous. However, since the reform since a few years ago the Cannes Film Festival make snap, complete set huge market development, let the Cannes movie people tasted the sweetness of another great. Cannes do have is not only film prize dream, there are market returns far look. This session of the Chinese movies are more rushes is this huge magnetic market.
China movie debut in Cannes formed two camps. On one side is used to gain both fame and wealth at the Cannes Film Festival, director Kaige Chen Zhang Yimou, the no duplicate names, with a new film to publicity, is taking the market return route. Last year "ambush on all sides" in Cannes to do publicity, effectively promoted the film international release for the film, but also in the domestic and international box office harvest to lay a solid foundation. This year Chinese film copy sth. without catching its spirit and stage a comeback. At present, Kaige Chen is to go to Cannes to do the final preparation, "electrodeless" will be in Cannes official "non competition" nature of the show in the movie debut, a ten minute "electrodeless" trailer shows the market "ambition". Zhang Yimou "riding alone for thousands of miles" is also to the exhibition as a means, to propaganda for the purpose, value is "benefit" rather than the name. Walk the same route and co productions Chinese and Hong Kong film. It is in post production director Tsui Hark's "Seven Swords", also prepared wonderful flower will be screened rally in Cannes; the "initial D" also in Cannes spend great efforts to attract overseas market promotion. Movement is the largest by Jackie Chan, starring Kim Hee Sun blockbuster "myth", Royal reporter held in Cannes in May 17th will, night film company will hold a beach party in Cannes's most famous beach, entertainment film distributors around the world. Allegedly, the producers for the film in Cannes propaganda investment will be more than HK $3000000, the money remarkable.
On one side is excited China director young generation, they are by the Cannes star. Wang Xiaoshuai, Zhang Yuan and so on many of the sixth generation of director with new works for the competition unit, but the shortlisted Wang Xiaoshuai seems to be the only the "red green". Taiwan Hsiao-Hsien Hou the "best time", Johnny To Hongkong "black society" also finalist. Wang Xiaoshuai is very excited, feel good Wang Xiaoshuai had two at Cannes, but the real competition unit is the first time. For Wang Xiaoshuai, Cannes is a sacred dreams in his heart, he said to make the cut is very high honor. Wang Xiaoshuai represented by the "underground" turned to the ground, the sixth generation directors mood, they not only need to re-examine the domestic audience demand, but also look to Zhang Yimou, Kaige Chen's way, they need more important international awards for sure.
Compared with the Chinese extremely lonely film, the Cannes Film Festival entries, shooting America director shooting or foreign director relates to American films will occupy a considerable weight in the participating in the film, including currently USA film starring Bruce Willis "Sin City", Lars Fontil's "American Trilogy" two "Mandy", Garth Van Sant's story of a rock musician self imprisoned story "last days", America famous cartoon company "DreamWorks animated movie" Madagascar "".
