These days in the hail of bullets flying, politicians Benz world, causes of Britain's Prince Charles to remarry, particularly leisure, might as well to taste like this pile Tan gossip.
Fairy tale prince there will be rose. Rose only waiting for the prince to extract. "A born beauty hard to abandon, once the election side of the king". In recent years, the mass media cheered Charles rose for Diana. The growth in the civilian alley blonde, the whole people like is made with rose petals showy, fragrant, Ambilight, always beside her prince lining emaciated.
But now Charles began, announced to the world: his rose is a 57 year old woman Camilla!
35 years to hidden or secret love, Prince has gone through a process of children and the beauty of trial marriage. However, the contrast appearance and age, did not make him the transfer occurred, but is because of more and more attractive. And Diana the couple joy in their marriage. had a dish of water, he saw the bottom. Charles continued to date with an old lover, constantly alienation as pretty as a flower wearing princess.
In her husband's pale abandoned people laugh, before Diana had Dutch act act, later will also accept an affair, and there is more than one. Is the natural consequences of couple two people are in for the destruction of the royal dignity contribution, who also no longer contain.
Nobody is willing to be a victim of royal dignity to do with my life, to maintain the ceremony. At this point, Charles and Diana are modern people, rather than the prince and princess in the fairy tale castle. Royal status can not dominate their fate, they act as one pleases, the optional required.
The high-profile Diana in pursuit of her freedom in the process of car accident. Charles low-key continued his love affair. Those at Charles's wedding to hit miss Diana slogan people some "referred" too, will miss you usually can miss, why keep happy people unhappy? To this one on for Diana's happiness and life is responsible for, itself is not rational.
Look at this time of Charles, although the side Camilla a pair of "old godmother" appearance, but Prince smiled a sweet and happy, so that the middle-aged grace many steep, handsome, a gentleman.
In contrast to the past and figure pictures of princess, Charles like a plum, dry and astringent, although it has the shortcomings of what. The public rose but not his heart rose, Diana only made advertising rose.
The eyes of the people, the old woman, but it makes the prince happy be wild with joy. "I know that my heart sorrow, I do not know who said that I want anything else?" Wang Ziru knows this poem, a nod Naxie.
35 years of relentless pursuit, through the flowers and the wind and rain, Charles grade not with such promise and "faithful" to fixed, but with his 35 years as a special identity, the prince's life experiences to confirm and cast. Therefore I wished the prince.
I don't know him as crown prince and the king, how will be in politics, then say. But as a middle-aged men, an intellectual, and a happy freedom degree less than civilian crown prince, Charles can make people understand and respect.
A broken marriage phenomenon everywhere. Today in the China, because the law had shown a tolerant attitude, people quickly accept the divorce, and even began to indulge. But in the back of the breakdown of the marriage, have different social background, there are quality of life rise or decline, there is good for the difference of respect and frustrating, show a kind of life and quality grade.
The cultural gap between Charles and the princess, the beginning there is no bridge. A philosophy hobby introverted has high educated man, combined with an outgoing like every field show the kindergarten teachers experience of women, which itself is like a hot air balloon encounter cold glass.
Diana is a little innocent, Prince prior lovers and first betrayal of marriage. But when a person decides to leave, it what method is not the main. The princess's disadvantage in addition to "know", she brought more attachment from civilian identity in the sense, the more fragile and difficult to sustain the rupture.
According to reports, the princess's bedroom is pink, maintain a childlike. Charles not content with a pink, rekindling their romance. As more unpleasant, he rejected this flower Royal selected for him by the rose.
No beautiful appearance style of Camilla, but like a closed treasure. No doubt she has spirit rich and advantage, especially for the understanding and carrying Prince personal characteristics, causes it to become Charles's most trusted woman. In the supreme status of the prince, seek is actually a sense of security, a spiritual harbour.
As a public figure for the student prince, was born in said of peaceful times. under exposure, it is how eager a pure belong to private life.
However say, in today's China, forsaken is the "Camilla" type of middle-aged women. Frustrated some with connotation and spirit of self-improvement, temperament woman, was chose pink women who "Diana style". Sexy young, for Chinese man seems to be a medal. China much is "Camilla", and "Charles" type of men becoming less. No, see color move, see color Wangyi There are plenty of people who.
The kind of thoroughly tempered, such as deep sea feelings, no longer seem to belong to this ancient nation. The ancestors "have sailed the seven seas hard water, except Wushan not cloud" of the poem, only to the British Charles.
For preferences, from heterosexual couple