My secondary school in his hometown of Tianjin, the school does not focus on the non key said, only the difference between public and private. Public schools is the value of the fraction of private school tuition, mainly to see, so public schools more difficult test. I was lucky, was admitted to Tianjin city high school (later renamed the 1). The school is one of four public high schools at the time, there is also the province in the bell tower, a second middle school women and women.
Familiar with Chinese modern history of the people know, Tianjin has been cut too many concessions, the most foreign troops stationed. I belong to the British concession in reading a before liberation, the campus was originally a British camp (cAMP), buildings and equipment are naturally more generally, couldn't tell Nankai, Yaohua these old private school than. Our school attaches great importance to the all-round development of students, even though not explicitly raises what requirement, for example Dezhitimei all-round development now, but in the implementation and management of teaching, but this arrangement on students, even sports failed to repeat. From this school out of the students, both scientific and technological talents and artists, is the preferred mathematical students also have slightly through literature.
Now recall the middle school time, almost no today's children's pressure, it is no exaggeration to say that, reading in joy, growing up in the game, is a feature of our this generation.
My school is far distance, then like the literature, sometimes participate in school club activities, sometimes go to the bookstore with classmates, often returned home late. Mother nagging discipline is often, but not remember what constraints, or more caution, such as pay attention to the road vehicle, the school to go home early, to study hard, like rain drops run in my heart, always do as mother said. But it is not completely listen to, because this way scenery, the young man is full of temptation.
To take the old-fashioned tram from my home to the school, half-way to transfer two or three. The car too long a time, jingle jingle monotonous bell, it will make people be confused in mind, sometimes halfway suddenly get off, walk into the movie theatre to watch a movie, read a Book of loiter of drilling bookstore.
Once with my classmates in the bookstore, read Liu Yunruo wrote a novel, the title is "like" streets and lanes. The story is told of a rich girl, riding a bicycle hit carelessly, is a poor student, rich girl took him to the hospital, in the treatment process used to visit in the course of contacts, two people fell in love. Liu Yunruo is a writer of Tianjin, was written the racecourse Road area thing, there is a rich area, several students on the story for gospel truth, run to the next to the big house door, find the story of the hero. After police found, almost mistaken for the thief, see the school badge to let us go.
There once was a windy day, after school to change the waiting time is too long, a few students discuss and go to see the film, "Sanmao Crusoe" is. Because the protagonist Sanmao with our age, his story is more natural to attract our. Finish it after the bus, we'll talk echo in the car. This is a tram line is around the Old City District of Tianjin to rotary, we sat in the car talk is blind, forget the time, and forget to get off the tram, imperceptibly already turned two times, until the car uncle remind, this didn't stop talking and get off.
Not far away from school, a church, I'm not a religious family had not religious, but this church choir is beautiful, home from school sometimes heard the sound music, I went to find a seat to listen to sing. Although the lyrics a little and can't remember, the meaning is not fully understand, but the melody and accompaniment of piano, but it let me feel fresh, feel the exotic music mood, then pop songs. Is probably from this moment, I began to like to listen to foreign songs, like "loving family" "the last rose of summer" the Yang Song, is in the youth to learn.
High school has gone far away from me, when the school on the road extraction things tell here, not entirely because of these things the memory deep, but makes me think of such a truth: as long as you really good grasp of youth, more contact with some things, for the growth and future person, will have some help.
Of course, thanks to my teachers and parents, in me in the growth of the juvenile period, treat me like they did "thieves" like, but give a loose tolerance. It is very important for young men. Young people remain free nature, like the flowing down the mountain spring water, want to cut block in any case not, what he has to pick his way. Therefore, in writing this essay, I think that the school road, is my growth path -- casual, comfortable, happy.
