The introduction: a promising teenage shooting athletes, because of a momentary willful, should go step by step on the road of life......
The 1 fugitive robbery
White is shooting team number one, at the national competition trials in sight, team leaders are hopeful to him.
White did not make the selection when thing, when he raised his hand this with their own three years of love gun, as if his arm suddenly stretch of 50 meters, is simply refers to play where where, by our own strength, selected the competition already is the sure thing, qualifying count? We shall wait and hold the trophy.
The coach may not think so, for his hold tight it, still be white like teammates holding the gun sight is a day. White tired, why a sharpshooter to accompany a bunch of idiot standing? When is grouchy, a flock of sparrows chirping flying overhead, hey, good moving target ah, this practice can improve the level of, perhaps he could get a UFO champion, XiaoBai Railway Station don't live, quietly put the gun tucked in the bosom, pretending to be the toilet slipped out.
The white of course not the front door, he jumped out of the wall, the sparrow flew along the direction of the edge of a wheat field, breath to col. The golden wheat fields, a few old people and children are waved flags, put firecracker chasing sparrow, white ran over to stop them, and said: "look at me!" Immediately took out the skill of looking for the house, fast loading aiming, alignment buzzed the sparrow five shots in quick succession, was shot bird falls, eyesight, the next person couldn't help that good to. White became intrigued, up and down about repeatedly shooting, sparrows, one after the other went to fall, the children shouted to him to pick up the spoils of war.
It is really fun ah, until the hand out of bullets, sparrows away, lay the sparrows also wore a string of, white found this time not early, and gave each child a two sparrows, hurry back. Those children are interesting, took the sparrow also gave him some fireworks in exchange, white also conveniently Chuai pocket.
Wait until the over shooting team walls, he found the end of the training, all of a sudden heart drum: others are easily fooled, gun library that Li custody how to deal with? White usually most hated Li Baoguan, the end of each training session he immediately close the gun, not vague, but the small white sometimes tempted to put the gun to steal back to the dormitory to tinker with, for this Li custody no less to the team cause, harm of white is often criticized, two people since then became enemies, today if you are he grabbed a small plait will be in trouble.
The small white want to go into the bathroom and think Zhe, can just slip through the corner, suddenly heard a loud shout: "stop! Give up your guns! " Li Baoguan is livid face stood before him. White had to force a smile, a hand gun handle the string of sparrows offer: "hehe, I but for target practice, but also the way to give you a few sparrows wine, this is the game ah, fragrant......" Li Baoguan grabbed the gun: "little play with me this, go, see the captain to!" Then, without any explanation to catch mice, dragged him into the office.
The bigger things, dare conceal the accident! Submitted to the city after the soon to a conclusion: the shooting team announced expelled white decision, the reason is usually escape training, often discipline incorrigible, steal guns into the wild bird, the nature of the error have been illegal, taking into account the small still not eighteen, so the decision dealt with leniently.
Good title seedling ah, but the law is heartless, team leaders only very reluctantly what it treasures, prepared to do the ideological work of white, white parents side notice, please they come to lead people.
White heart regrets and gas: the podium is couldn't get on, as their love gun arm also away from him, the hateful Li Baoguan is clearly in revenge, had turned a blind eye from the past, this guy would hold not to put, the ruin your future the. You don't believe this Li custody, you heartless, don't blame me iniquity.
How to pay? Mice in the house turn circle, hand to pocket a plug touched several firecracker, heart immediately had an idea.
When it was getting dark, white sneak off to the library next to the gun in the bushes, see Li Baoguan is counting the guns ready to work, he immediately went to the gun Gallery behind the wall out, put the window put a lengthened fuze firecrackers, lit after himself hid in the bushes. Fuze "bared bared" take a moment of smoke with exploding, startled Li custody didn't lock the door, hurriedly ran out of view. A successful, white slip in and stole my gun, grabbed two boxes of bullets, jump out of the wall to escape.
To the provincial capital got off the train, he went first to the restaurant and ordered two dishes and a bottle of beer, eat and drink enough and see a large import, press out nearly midnight, wanted to find a hotel to sleep overnight, touched pocket foolish eye: before leaving only calculate revenge Li Baoguan, stealing a pistol, bank cards left in the the dorm, all we had only twenty yuan! White is a little regret, when angry ran out of a hot head, forgot all about stealing guns has violated the law, but never thought of in the future how to face my parents, now cornered the hard back home.
White decided to go to the station to endure night, think about what to do next, but the station only to know, no ticket is not let into the waiting room. I heard that there are many $ten a night near the station the small alley
