Leaf lamp having a flower intestines, some abnormal psychology. He put his own home extra rented the house out to the newly married young, in others in the former, leaf lamp will do the hands and feet, a pinhole camera mounted in a hiding place, ready to see the "energy-saving" next door, peep others small husband and wife's private life.
The first night, the young couple moved over, leaf lamp open machine, ready to peep, can see is a colorful color, carefully pondering pattern, like what clothes. That night, he naturally have gained nothing. The second day, he found an excuse to the next one, and sure enough, the lens being above the nail hooks, hanging above a blouse, right turn sight blocking up.
Leaf light so depressed, but can not let people hanging clothes, had to wait for luck, maybe the day hook not hang anything? In the evening, leaf lamp was up to his old tricks again began to peep, but in front of the camera or what the scenery can not see, and for days are so, put a leaf lamp ran like an ant on a hot pan - round and round. After several days of meditation, leaf light finally came up with an idea.
This day, leaf lamp bought a hanger in the street, a small husband and wife send other people to work in the past. Leaf light rubbing his hands, a pair of feel shy appearance, said: "I bought a clothes hanger, a look back and their furniture don't match, think of you seem to have no clothes hanger, just put it here for you." The young couple were moved, praise repeatedly.
In the evening, leaf lamp happily to open the machine, looked dumbfounded, in front of the camera or a blur. The second day and find an excuse to see lights, leaves almost no gas halo in the past, clothes hanger is up, but the nail is not idle, hanging a vertical drawings!
Leaf light anxious, he issues resolved, he thought, to find the chance, put the camera to the ceiling!
So, in the course of contacts, two months later. One day, I heard a small leaf lamp couple to a trip, hurriedly slipped past, will give the lens move position, but who knows only half alive, that the young couple suddenly go home, leaf spot lamp was caught by a current. The matter was brought to light, alerted the local police station, the result is not only the couple leaves light return full rent, but also damages the spirit of the loss of ten thousand yuan fee.
Leaf lamp not stealing chickens also get a hand full of shit, really -- and hold your breath and mad Wang Bazuan fire, the street was full of people do not have good view of him, the neighbors to assert, this happened, leaf lamp house is never people to rent.
This day, leaf lamp is home to worry, suddenly there was a knock at the door. Open the door to look, is a boy and a girl of two young people, to see the holding arm hugs the waist affectionate appearance, is a pair of lovers.
See the leaf lamp, they come to the point and asked: "I heard you have a room for rent?" Leaf light listens, be overjoyed, repeatedly nod. The other party puts forward to want to look at the house, leaf lamp hurried to open the door, ask them to go in and see. Two young people up and down carefully examined in the house, even the nook and cranny has not let go, leaf light behind him some strange: "what do you check?" That woman looks like an honest man, said: "to tell you the truth, we are checking whether it installed cameras in the room." Leaf light frighten hurriedly waving: "no, no, I swear, absolutely not."
The woman leaves light anxious look, happy, smiled and said: "it's installed just good." See the leaf light did not react, said: "haven't you heard? A couple rented a house, the landlord stolen installed cameras, they discovered at the beginning, blocking with the thing first, pretended not to know, over time and find a chance to tell to the Public Security Bureau, snatched the stupid landlord head of a big foolish, not only rent back, also white tens of thousands yuan compensation."
Leaf light heard here, timid beat, put his head hit on the wall green ring.
