First anniversary of the day, a P to ask for leave to the leader, earlier work, to the store to his wife bought a platinum necklace, then hurried back home to prepare food and drink, to celebrate.
A P home, see wife has come back, happy rushed to say to the wife: "you see what I bought for you?" As he can't wait to pay out the presents. Hand pockets a probe, silly. You way how? Pocket absolutely empty, necklace. A P can't help exclaimed: "broken, lost!"
The wife see his hands empty, think that P in the amuse oneself, not happy, murmured: "you do not buy it, I didn't tell you to gift, why lie?" A P "brush" sweat out, thousands of dollars which! He did not explain, turned and went downstairs, along the way to go back to, but he also understand that in mind, come back to find the possibility is almost equal to zero, when he came home after the road is the downtown pedestrian flies, work, jewelry box so blatant, perhaps as early as people has picked it up. Longer despair can not look ah, ah P holding the never give up until the end of the lucky psychology, the way down for the past.
At a busy intersection, he suddenly a bright eyes, see that red jewelry boxes exquisite unexpectedly lying on the ground, he could hardly believe, hurried over to pick it up, open on see, is not the necklace to buy their own, also good on the inside. A P heart joy bloom, look cheerful to jewelry box chuaijin pocket.
He was about to go back, but found a rise of pedestrians passing all around with a strange eyes looked at him. Of a man riding a bicycle, after a P side, the car just touched him, whispered: "quick throw, careful!" Said, without looking back on the past.
A P is one Leng, consider carefully before back to taste, the heart is happy: I said so many people coming and going, clearly see how not to pick it, believe that the original is cheater hoax ah. Think very funny, now liar, people are on the alert, some neuroticism, but today this down for the sake of I O P, ha ha! Thank you liar!
Necklace recovered abnormal happy anniversary, the couple, nature had a a riot of colours.
The second day, a P raised enough, to the unit and the colleagues talk about this thing. My colleagues heard shook his head, said, P this guy in a lie, how can there be such a thing? A P see you do not believe, nasty, said it is his personal experience, how can a holiday? Let him say, everybody still does not believe, and ah P sitting opposite the bovine GA is more of a rivalry, P said: "the ears, seeing is believing, let everyone believe that unless you rehearse again, huh! Piss off! " A P was he excited the fire, "Tang" to stand up, red in the face and said: "practice drills, but not sure, if fulfilled, how to do?" Bovine GA is not ambiguous, patting chest to say: "if true, I'll give you a necklace, but if it is really lost, you can not blame me." A P takes a table: "necklace early let my wife around his neck, this time I'm changing things with my wrist on the gold watch?" Bovine GA nodded said OK, everyone was interested, agreed to testify.
At noon that day, Niu GA accompany ah P chose a busy road, a P faded gold watch from the wrist, placed in a conspicuous place, then two people retreated to the side of the observation. It is noon time from work, busy, but strange, no one is picking up the watch. Gold glittered in the sun, some people clearly see, can see at a glance of the past, some people even go around the corner, afraid of touching on what like.
Half an hour passed a agreed, P proudly walked over to the table away, returned to the unit to see you, ah P pose, with the eyes squint bovine GA, proudly said: "how, the cash promise?"
Bovine GA didn't expect the result to be so, but do nothing to give up money, he not only love, also not willing to. So far as to excuse: "don't be so early conclusion, we two stood too close from the table, two large living just staring at the nearby, a fool to take the table. If people away, is one hundred block table must also not left, back anymore. So this time is not counted. If I had my say, off to try again, whatever the result, I think."
See cow GA shamelessly, ah P some angry, but on second thoughts, the previous two times are the same effect, try not nephew to play Lantern - or (uncle), so generous a hand, say: "good, up to you, try again!"
So the two of them arrived last time table on the road, put the watch in marked place, ready to retreat farther observation. But this is like the last, they haven't quit a few steps, see a young boy went to pick up the gold watch, and turned to walk away. A P saw, nasty, shouted: "stop, that is my!" Shouting out the past. Young see P came on, speed up the pace of rabbit run, a P was angry and urgent, desperately trying to go after. Bovine GA can not attend to gloat, as in a P back together after the past. Kicking around pedestrian stops in succession watch.
As the saying goes "fast Dog &amp; not afraid of dogs", young in order to escape, desperately running. A P two to recapture the gold watch, desperately biting,