Now the mobile phone short message really is all kinds of, what kind of all have, a good message, not only they, also entertainment to everyone; but an annoying message, but it can also make people worried. The boy sub three usually particularly loved by text message to play tricks on others, but recently, he himself was not the light of SMS toss!
Ten evening, sub three just to sleep, suddenly the bed of the mobile phone clicks. Who send text messages so late? Sub three turned over, do not ignore, but mobile phone has been ringing.
Will there be any emergency? Sub three rubbed his eyes, open the bedside lights take a mobile phone to look, see only above shows: "the wrong position, re up to sleep!"
Who's the guy who's out to get you! Ya three gas almost jumped up, but the number is very strange, he could not think of who, think again is probably the wrong. The three scold the sound "boring!" Turned off the light and went back to sleep.
But, despite the sub three in bed change over the position also can't sleep. So he had to get up and grab a cigarette, to Dakoutaikou suction, suction inside edge heart curses just that boring text messages, his sleep away.
He is to smoke opium, mobile phone rang again, this time Short Message content to sub three feel a little be rather baffling: "please do not smoke in bed, or landing ash could be your own."
Obviously, the two Short Message not wrong, is deliberately directed at him, even more strangely, the man know what smoking? According to the number of sub three immediately call in the past, like a torrent of abuse, but the bell rang for a long time, no answer.
Night gradually deep, sub three is the two Short Message stirred, no sleep, half lying in bed and wonder: how the man knew I was smoking a cigarette? Look, he is also a man, may often insomnia, insomnia is a smoking, insomnia, nerve is not normal, then the heart will not balance. So, according to a random number to send text messages to play tricks on others, to see who is unlucky to accompany him sleepless. What a crazy! Sub three figured out later, simply put the mobile phone off, see how you succeed.
After the shutdown, sub three and lay down to sleep, but still how also can't sleep, then got up and took the book, turned a few pages, can be a little also not see inside, mind is the two Short Message. The three suddenly think, what he is doing now? Continue to send text messages to their own? He couldn't help to open mobile phone, indeed, there is already a new messages waiting for him: "can't sleep, read a book together why shutdown? Afraid of me? Ha ha ha.
Sub three fly into a rage, the phrase "afraid of me" get ya three very eat less. Afraid of you? I'm the type three was a spoof SMS master! OK, play with you!
Sub three jump down from the bed, rushed to the front of the TV, turn on the TV, fingers on the remote control buttons, but didn't find a good program. Is preparing to turn off, then, mobile phone rang, sub three one see: "today is not the weekend, no football crazy with you, and many channels have a rest, you or turn off the TV!"
No, he is a goddess? Sub three into a meditation, and maybe the man seized the normal human psychology, read a book or watch TV what can't sleep will certainly up to eliminate leisure, Qiao, just he guessed. But what should I do next? Suddenly, sub three eyes: Yes, a glass of wine, you see this guess how?
Sub three just seized the glass, mobile phone "didi" rang: "drink can, but do not drink ah!"
"What is a ghost?" Three curse, set the glass down, go to the balcony. Very dark outside, the cold wind gust blowing, sub three shivering, mobile phone text messages but at this time with the cool wind to: "in July 15 is coming soon, recently around haunted badly, outside be careful Oh, or back to the house!"
"I was three is never afraid of ghosts!" Sub three this roar although be in the right and self-confident, but in the heart but very panic, hurriedly back to the house, he wanted to put some music on up, just go to the stereo, SMS heel come over: "the neighbors were asleep, don't let them wake up in horror at the 'midnight songs' in!"
Oh! It was incredible, with one's hair standing on end sub three think of a word: pinhole camera.
A reference to "the pinhole camera", sub three can't help to think of one thing happened not long ago: a day, sub three boring, pick up the mobile phone to send such a message to a female colleague: "at present the pinhole camera is increasingly widespread, in order to ensure the privacy office you are not peeping Tom, please after the dress take a shower, toilet not to take off pants, remember, remember!"
If this message to others, see smile several voices also just, don't put in the mind, but the female colleagues are a bit neurotic, read the message, the home turned over and over, many days can't sleep sleep, sub three know cannot bear to go out, take the initiative the truth, the female colleague was "normal".
Does my house is really being installed a pinhole camera? If it is worse, his private life all exposed in front of the others, and publicly stripped off what is the difference? The thought of this, sub three does not sit, frantically began to conduct a comprehensive search in every corner of the house.
Almost spent nearly an hour, sub three of the entire house corner turned over a time, tired and collapsed on the sofa, SMS and like a ghost came: "hard