Now I am a successful businessman, can go up century eighty time, I am a fever have a fever of the poet, is a period of unusual experience, let me leave the poetry, embarked on the road of life now, but until today, I'm not sure, it is fortunate or unfortunate.
At that time, I just graduated from normal university, is to shilly-shally, volunteer to venture in Tibet students Liang Feng said, in his hometown of South Anhui good, white walls and black tiles, clear water of Castle Peak, is a land of poetry and love the "garden of Eden", especially their town green Creek middle school, according to mountain water, the scenery is picturesque, especially for my future life such a poet. I move the heart.
After a lot of hard work, I have got one's wish came to the green brook middle school. Liang Feng said well, Southern Anhui elegant scenery, inspired me to poetry, but the reality is the reality, I think I am fine poetry, poetry magazine, not a fancy, the ideal of romantic love, is not see the shadow.
The only consolation is that, in the eyes of students, I was a mysterious poet, they all adore me, every time I the teacher in charge to do home visits, students and parents have some be overwhelmed by an unexpected favour look.
The spring of March, one day after school, the girls suddenly Moffet head cocked, grape like black eyes staring at me, Duqi mouth asked: "why, Mr. Xia, why don't you come to my house and home visits? It's not fair! " Moffet is a pretty girl and lively personality, achievement has been the top three in the class.
I smiled and explained: "this is my time is limited, only one, poor academic performance of students to do home visits, enjoy this treatment is not what good! If you score really no good, your father will not let me go first." Moffet's father was the town of secretary, Mo study special attention a lot, it is said that the ability is very strong, upright, because they have sinned against a big shot of the county, has been no promotion.
Murphy, listen to I say, smiling nodded.
This was soon I forgot, unexpectedly a few days after the exam, Murphy grades suffer a disastrous decline, even in the lower ranks to slip! You don't say? I suspect that this little girl is intentional, but in any case, I decided to visit him immediately, otherwise no slip down, really not to Mo Secretary metasomatism.
Friday evening, I said to Moffet: "tomorrow morning, I went to your home, your home with the adults say." I think, only on weekends, Mo Secretary may have time at home, I want to talk to him. Murphy after listen to, not only not nervous, but with a sly smile, said: "good ah, welcome!"
Murphy's home is not far away, in the school on the hillside, the house is old wood building, separated only by the middle of a Qing river. The morning of the second day, I went to Moffet's house, the house deserted, also do not see adults came out to meet us.
I shouted at the door: "Murphy, Murphy, at home?" "Come, come!" Wooden floor sounded "thump, thump, thump" sound of footsteps, Moffet be jubilant to run downstairs. I'm a little disappointed to ask: "you adults, are not at home?"
"My parents have something out, but my sister Maura upstairs miles, she also adults!" Murphy is close to my ears edge, muttered, "summer teacher, you don't have to visit my parents, to visit my sister on the line, to tell you the truth, my grades, because sister recently more and more unhappy, see her so how can I concentrate on learning, as long as you often come to my house, do my sister work, I promise don't score the first three! My sister's love poetry, you go upstairs and guide her, I boil some tea to!"
I don't know Murphy in the end to what, can be looked at her pleading eyes, don't have the heart to refuse to, say, a hard exchange, is a pleasure, so I nodded, go upstairs.
But, I never expected, the brown wooden stairs, I am not the on!
Wooden floor, the light gray, only to face the window desk, slanting flooded into a piece of spring, a woman with long hair back towards me sitting in the window light. I think, she should be Moffet's sister Maura, when I walked up, suddenly found that he sits the wheelchair - she is disabled! At the moment she heard around the wheelchair, I ate a surprised, she is too beautiful, I from her white beautiful face to see her strict covering the feet of the red dress, after this looking up, a "poem" can't help from my mind jumped out: "ah / life / stiff and fragile / burnt the fire of hope / and love beautiful......"
I admit, this "poem" I can China contemporary doggerel, topped the list, but, my intuition not wrong: in the Mo ya heart, the flame of life burn was wang.
He looked at me for a long time, gently said: "you are the teacher Xia, Murphy said you wanted to see me, you really did not expect to."
Now I understand, this is all Murphy directed her to me, and he can speak a lie. In this case, I don't have the heart to break, had to make: "would like to chat with you, listening to your favorite Murphy said, poetry is also pretty, is it?"
"Yes," he said sadly, "I life should be like poetry better, but six months ago, when I travel in an accident, so my father took me and wheelchair back, my life has changed...... Well, don't say these, Mr Xia, please see