Obituary
China outstanding member of the Communist Party, the famous drama, drama theorist and translator, historian, publisher, one of the drama of career of new Chinese pioneer and founder of the original Chinese Art Research Institute, consultant and foreign literature research institute and the director of the drama, researcher, retired cadres of Ge Hong comrades illness is invalid, died on April 26, 2005 at the Beijing Friendship Hospital, at the age of 93.
On May 11th 9 am in the Beijing Revolutionary Cemetery in Babaoshan blue hall Comrade Ge Yihong farewell ceremony.
This obituary
China Art Research Institute
In April 28, 2005
&amp;nbsp;
Ge Yihong's life
Chinese outstanding member of the Communist Party, the famous drama, drama theorist and translator, historian, publisher, one of the drama of career of new China pioneer and founder, Chinese Art Research Institute of foreign literature, the original advisor and director of the Institute, Drama Institute director Comrade Ge Yihong, an illness, at eighteen sixteen on April 26, 2005 died in Beijing, at the age of 93.
Comrade Ge Yihong, male, the Han nationality, born in April 2, 1913 in Shanghai Jiading literary family. Formerly known as Ge Cengji, the word for a boat, No. Juchuan, had a pen Ji Xuan, Huang Wuyin, Mu Xie (Wu Ying). In 1932 graduated from the Shanghai Nanyang middle school, the same year he entered the Shanghai Datong University specializing in physical chemistry, influenced by five four since the new culture movement and ideological trend of patriotism, the formation of "Datong society during the period of school", "the storm" drama company, often in the school and the Shanghai suburb of tissue show salvation drama. 1933 August to join the Chinese left-wing dramatist alliance, further contact with Marx theory, more determined for the state and national struggle of faith. In winter by the reactionary Kuomintang authorities arrested, save the release management. Founded in 1936, "new play" magazine in Shanghai and chapter vanish together, after the Anti Japanese war broke out successively in the published "the present stage dramas activities of the double meaning", "war drama theory", "wartime drama policy" and other important article, expounds the relation China new drama movement and national revolution, war, and features the drama of the trend and practice problems. Office in 1938, the Chinese national Japanese Association of writers and artists, theater director at the Chongqing board of supervisors. 1939 June to participate in the national Japanese Association of writers and artists writers delegation consisting of the battlefield, access to the northwest battlefield, before Zhou Enlai, Guo Moruo attended the farewell speech to encourage. Known as the "army" pen, pen "guerrilla" battlefield mission become wartime culture art world events. By 1939, Zhou Enlai and Hou Wailu, Jian Bozan arranged for him, Cao Jinghua served as the Sino Soviet Cultural Association sponsored by the magazine "Sino Soviet culture" managing editor, and editor of literary column, also served as "Literature Monthly" editorial board, China studios special director. He translated the Soviet Union's "man with a gun", the succession in the Shanxi Chahar Hebei border area and performance of Yanan revolutionary base, the shining image of Lenin appeared for the first time, Stalin China stage, caused a sensation at home and abroad. In the spring of 1940, in the Kuomintang cultural circles on "national form" issue of great controversy, he was in the "Xinhua Daily" and other newspapers published "the continuous progress of the national style of", "national heritage and heritage of mankind", "Lu Xun" and "Lu Xun on the popular literature and national form" and so on a large number of articles, put forward "we show China people's thoughts and feelings to, seek China style and Chinese style national form" and other important points, caused great repercussions, the debate further. In 1941 the "Southern Anhui Incident", by Zhou Enlai arrangements to Hongkong, in Pan Hannian, under the guidance of Liao Chengzhi organized by Song Qingling served as honorary president of the Soviet Association Hongkong branch, and as the executive director, did a lot of work. After Hongkong was occupied by the Japanese, and was one of the many progressive culture of people together in the party under the arrangement by the Dongjiang guerrillas escorted back to Chongqing, deputy director of the Sino Soviet Cultural Association executive director and the research committee, assist the director in Guo Moruo works. In 1945 August, Chairman Mao Zedong to Chongqing during the negotiations had invited him to participate in, and Ba Jin, Cao Jinghua three people talk together, to be sure of his work. After the war he returned to Shanghai, as the Sino Soviet Association Shanghai branch responsible person, presided over the Books Inc world to introduce Soviet culture based work. In the sinister political environment and Ge Baoquan: A, Yu Wenzai together have translated and published the book "the Soviet Union Soviet woodcut", "biography of Golgi", "biography of Pushkin", and by Jiang Chunfang, Chen Bingyi, ye Shuifu translation of popular science books, introduces the socialist Soviet Union's scientific and cultural achievements. He also actively participate in the Shanghai movie theatre work, was elected as the director of Shanghai Drama Film Association of supervisors and Chinese Arts Association, assist Zheng Zhenduo work. He became Zhou Yang, Tian Han met in secret to Shanghai cultural circles progressives places in Shanghai Yuyuan Road apartment.
The beginning of the liberation of Beijing, in order to satisfy the readers desire for the Soviet Union and Jiefang District books published at that time, to make up for the lack of strength, the consent of the party organization, he reopened the world press, publication of the Jiefang District writer Zhao Shuli, Ma Feng, Kang Zhuo, Sun Li, Yang Shuo and so on the creation of a "mass literature series" and "history", the Soviet Union "Soviet geography", "", "Moscow on the Soviet Union's character" and "Bray Leigh Geoff" script, and invite the ancient Greek expert Luo Niansheng, Miu Lingzhu and Zhou Zuoren co chaired the ancient Greek drama all translation, invite Zhu Guangqian translation of Platon's "dialogue