34 years ago, she was just a girl just entering society, and he is one of the UK's most dazzling bachelor. In 34 years, between them repeatedly relationship is always the world each big newspapers and television coverage of the topic. They have been cursed, also be sympathy. Finally, Camilla and Prince Charles to end the 34 year love long-distance race, into the marriage hall. Camilla has also become a princess of england. But Camilla's friends said, she never became Queen of the lofty ideals and high aspirations, her greatest wish is that people no longer hate her.
Graduate in Switzerland a finishing school, in 1965, Camilla first entered the society. She had access to a variety of advanced social activity occasions, where she could find a suitable candidate for husband. However, she and Charles first met at a polo match is. Camilla made to Charles's self introduction is still called for the classic.
Charles's heart was touched. In the autumn of 1972, Charles and Camilla in Hampshire had a wonderful time, two people already become love each other dearly. However, Camilla wants to marry Charles, but ultimately failed to achieve the aspirations of. Charles decided to join the Royal Navy, to the caribbean. Some friends think, this entirely to blame for Charles's uncle Louis Mountbatten, he tried to persuade Charles to join the Navy, and "advise" he "is not married women and their own bed".
Camilla had a happy marriage
Before Charles, Camilla and other boyfriend: one is the aircraft manufacturer's son, another is the richest bank family member. However, she eventually chose Andrew Parker Bowers. Although the name like communication soldiers once and dating other women, made Camilla very sad, but two people still in 1973 embarked on the red carpet.
A friend of Camilla in an interview with biographer Rebecca Terrel recalled: "if you are on a Saturday morning to go to their home, you will see that Andrew is doing the breakfast, cook Coffee. About 11, Camilla will have a drowsy look disheveled hair down the stairs. She will be wearing a Andrew shirt around large. She would sit in Andrew's lap, fiddling with his hair. Obviously, they have had a very loving life."
Diana made her become public enemy number one
Camilla and Andrew married and had two children, one named Tom, one named Laura, was born in 1975 and 1979 respectively. Despite having a wife and a mother, but Camilla and Charles relationship has never stopped, which Andrew apparently also informed. It is said that, in the choice of Diana Charles as the bride before, even also solicited the views of Camilla. The royal wedding was held in St.Paul's Cathedral, people can see the figure of Camilla. In the sixth row of the bride sat Camilla Diana, no doubt is like a dagger in the heart. Princess Diana later said a very famous words: "there are 3 people in this marriage, it is a bit too crowded."
In twentieth Century 80 at the end of the 1960s, Charles and Diana's fairy tale marriage completely shattered, Charles and Camilla once again become close up. However, when the public didn't know the name of Camilla. This all changed in 1992, when Andrew Morton published a biography, "Diana: her true story", the disclosure of a Princess Diana has received the bulimia puzzle books, and have attempted to Dutch act. Diana called Camilla "the Rottweiler" (a German Shepherd Dog), and accused her of being herself and Charles in the marriage of the third.
Since then, the British public enemy number one is between Camilla -- who had never hated socialite overnight, become dare smash a fairy tale "the third person". From then on, she becomes the world of the soap opera satire object, and constantly by the media to slander. According to reports, Camilla once in Wiltshire in a supermarket shopping, some people even towards her throw bread bar.
Reshape the image of public company of Charles
Nevertheless, life goes on. After three years, announced the separation of Charles and Diana in 1995, the end of Camilla and Andrew's marriage. After the divorce, Camilla moved to a place of residence of Charles 30 minutes distance. Since then, two people in the countryside in the friends home began to be timid and overcautious tryst.
When Diana died in people heart shadow gradually retreat, Camilla became the National Osteoporosis Society patron, began to accompany the into the public eye around Charles. Osteoporosis association work seemingly casual, actually all is Charles adviser to reshape the image of Camilla for careful arrangement. In 1999, Charles and Camilla at a dinner together for the first time appear in public. In 2001, two people the first kiss in public. Soon after, Camilla for the first time, was invited to the royal family activities. So, inadvertently, Camilla gradually playing a Charles partner role.
"Camilla" is the most difficult person
Now Camilla must prepare himself for the "first lady" role. In the future, she is likely to appear in the coronation of Charles, sitting in the "King Charles" side, or with other countries at the first lady talk cheerfully and humorously, even though she has been
