Mr. Sun Li was originally named Sun Shuxun, was born in 1913 April, died in 2002 July, Hebei Province Anping county. In his nearly 70 years of literary career, creating a large number of works. His words with a strong local flavor, is a quality suggestive of poetry or painting and simple and elegant lichtung perfect unification of fresh. This unique style is contemporary literature known as "Baiyangdianpai", and had a great influence on contemporary literature.
Literary master Mr. Sun Li has left us, again through the Baihua Literature and Art Publishing House of the "Sun Li anthology", see Master handsome comely text, but was master deeply moved by the noble sentiments.
Mr. Sun Li was originally named Sun Shuxun, was born in 1913 April, died in 2002 July, Hebei Province Anping county. To cultivate morality 1933 graduated from Baoding high school. "77" on the eve of the incident, had served as a primary school teacher in Baiyangdian, since the beginning of the war in the Shanxi Chahar Hebei border region of the revolutionary work, has served successively as Hebei War College Instructor, the Shanxi Chahar Hebei border area Federation of literary and art circles, the Jin Cha Ji daily and North China United University editor, teacher, went to Yanan in 1944, working at the Lu Xun School of art and learning. After the liberation, has been engaged in editing work in tianjin. In his nearly 70 years of literary career, creating a large number of works. His words with a strong local flavor, is a quality suggestive of poetry or painting and simple and elegant lichtung perfect unification of fresh. This unique style is contemporary literature known as "Baiyangdianpai", and had a great influence on contemporary literature.
Perhaps because of the advantages of geographical location, Mr. Sun Li and Baihua Literature and Art Publishing House of friendship was a beautifully, interaction between authors and editors between them. Flowers agency several of the leadership, editing, proofreading and art, the staff are generally quite familiar with Sun Li. Some of these people is his old comrade in arms, such as the founder of the old president of Baihua agency, Lin Na, deputy editor in chief Li Keming; also some of his fellow countrymen as former president Zheng Faqing, Zhang Xueshan of deputy editor in chief; the more he in the literary world of friend Ru Lao editor Ceng Xiucang et al...... Because of the special and close relationship, "Sun Li anthology" whether in writing and editing quality are perfect to show Sun Li as a contemporary literary master special artistic charm. He was a very influential novels "Ironwood prequel" and later many literary works are handed over to the Baihua Literature and Art Publishing house. Flowers agency also out of Sun Li's admiration and love, as long as the Sun Li book, must be published. Many foreign press and media all know Sun Li and flowers of friendship, find Sun Li manuscripts, are the first to find the flowers, from flowers society of editors and bring them to Sun Li's apartment to discuss matters of manuscripts. Sun Li on the Baihua Literature and art publishing house editor friend very trust, will deliver a lot of important manuscript to them, without the need to edit that like any other, even take one or two piece clip release also give him leave iou.
"Sun Li anthology" editor of Mr. Zhang Xueshan said, Mr. Sun Li has a habit, when he is willing to chat with you, he often in high spirit, even if you don't talk, he will take the initiative to talk to you; but when he did not want to talk to you, often looked bleak, sometimes would rather be rendered speechless. Between Mr. Sun Li's words, often blink humor and wisdom. He had lived in the cottage, then later moved to the building, because sometimes the corridor piles of debris, people on is not very convenient, regarding this, Sun Li once humorously and Zhang Xueshan said "get up in the morning to go out, you have to rotate up and down, just like dancing."
Indifferent to the wise, quiet Zhiyuan, Mr. Sun Li very indifferent to fame and wealth. He led a simple, carefully creation, do not want to have too many social engagements. Zhang Xueshan says to the reporter, in the spring of 1982, he went to visit Mr. Sun Li, Mr. Sun Li, after meeting him, worried and said to him: "cedar, bad, accident." Mr. Zhang Xueshan asked what happened. Sun Li said: "tell me to come to Beijing to open a writer will, I asked if she could leave. Said might not leave. " A few days later, Zhang Xueshan met Sun Li again, Sun Li said happily: "false please down, I say that I am sick, can't go."
Mr. Sun Li lived very simply, the living room is a writing desk for many years, a cloth "bundled winding" a broken chair, no TV in the family, is always a small radio together with him. Although only a small radio, he was able to make known the literary everything. He is all the year round wear cloth shoes, no air conditioning in summer home, he is always wearing a large straw hat, holding a palm leaf fan out to enjoy the shade. Mr. Sun Li love health, very neat and clean, he eat is also very simple, often is a Tomato Slices with Sugar, simply cooked some noodles, relatives and friends to come, also is the simple reception. Zhang Xueshan said, "Sun Li anthology" just in time series finished, due to the lack of photos, need to fill make some Tianjin Xijiao Qingguang farm. At noon that day, Mr. Sun Li insisted on it, took out 20 yuan of money, deliberately told said: "don't buy a ham sausage, it is not health, buy some pickles, bread, what can."
Mr. Sun Li is very love of books, books are very rich in the home. He read before the first wash, and each book bag cover -- is used in others send the parcel by Kraft paper. He naturally upright, as chastity, in his work, not a is to meet the social movement, included in "Sun Li anthology" to, can not change the word,
