And many friends are not the same, when I was young unsuspectingly, teacher class couldn't understand. According to the primary school when I graduated at the top of his class in the university rankings, is very difficult to test on. But the "Cultural Revolution" let me off. The brother and sister back from outside of the mixed book, my favorite is a 1958 "Folk Literature" magazine, 12 months of a total of 12, a more than one of the many. Including birds and animals, exotic flowers and rare trees, there are chickens and dogs, the river courtyard, a man cutting firewood in the hills, sow seeds in the field, the woman at home against drying clothes, the river in their beautiful long hair comb. Sing folk songs of the poor while singing folk songs, flinging the rich master grieve. The girls and boys than a more clever, nimble. This story makes a child feel around the world is understandable. And later in the Enlightenment of his daughter, I adhere to the folk story based, "Green fairy tale" is her literacy textbooks. The beginning of the 1980 time metaphase, Shanghai literature and Art Publishing House launched "Italy fairy tale", "German fairy tale", "Nordic fairy tale", "fairy tale", "Africa Asian fairy tale", with a young daughter, I put all this to see. Known as "fairy tale" is actually somewhat inappropriate, because of the need to take from those legends of a nation durability, morality tales from difference and literary creation. These reading experience makes me for Hasek of Czech "good soldier Svejk", Wang Xiaobao's novels and the monster of Poland newly published novels of Gun Blo Vecchi "Phil" Di Du Kai, responded with warm welcome. Effect of long juvenile period read a little book is "jiarman", should be the people's Literature Publishing House version, cover with small brown laces of. For a long time, I don't know "and" jiaerman Merrill's opera "Carmen" the link between, in memory "as if" jiaerman is a special story for my own, I was born of the spirit is a secret. "SARS" when I put this novel re read it again, only to find that the big and do not match their own impression. I remember long jiaerman is a petite girl dressed in red, she and robber together because she and justice together, the road is not usually her first sword to help, immediately Hengdao flew, wall to wall, rob the rich and assist the poor, untraceable, nobody can stop her. As for her betrayal, she in love experience, I have not the slightest impression. Probably, "jiaerman" this image with I have seen what else confused. For example, there is a 1960's opera called "red light", one of the actors are dressed in red, wearing a red scarf, it's about a boxer female soldier's story. I secretly think, jiaerman this girl, the light of my past lives. When a person is young have a metaphysical period. Young life is plentiful full, see the world is so crystal integrity, full of meaning. For reading, the greatest blessing than at the time of need, have proper things appear. At the beginning of the 1970's Shanghai has a magazine called "learning and critical", one has full text published a pilot was in the USA popular novel "Jonathan Seagull", is the story of a seagull give up just for food activities, undivided attention to pursue the perfect flight, regardless of fellow ridicule ridicule. This article was originally used to critique the material, I be like hunger and thirst to the object into the absorption. At this time of life was in need of such a height, need to break all the clouds to be spotlessly clean, a high altitude, the pursuit of perfection. I have to admit that the metaphysical tendency is one of the color of my life, a very long time, Platon, Keats, Shelley, Rilke such a poet always hovering over my head. Platon carriage on the soul of watching the beautiful scenery in the sky parade, I think it is the most beautiful poem. Associated with this is a novel, Hesse's "Nar Kiss and Geerdemeng", in which to write two teenagers, one is perceptual, art, the other is a rational, metaphysical, it is the season to get the soul fragrance noble gift. Read the 1980's book is the western modernism. Maybe we can say, the war soon born people of my generation, the most important spiritual course is the most unique things, is to contact and to participate in the modernism experience to. Shanghai literature and Art Publishing House in 1980 launched the "selected works of foreign modern" gives people a good window. The earliest read Eliot, Yeats, Pound are in this version. Kafka's "Metamorphosis", Camus's "outsider", including Proust, Joyce, Faulkner are in them. I should especially thank Chinese Academy of Mr. Chen Kun's "the western modernist literature research", this book provides to the understanding of Western modernist school the earliest, most comprehensive and most serious position. Another book about this is the Taiwan professor Chen Guying led the translation "Existentialism" one book (the commercial press 1987), I just read some segments of Kerr Kay Gol through it, the impression is profound. At the same time I looked like Bergman, Antonioni Fassbender, the film in the film academy, sensibility, feel more approach. In the influence of modernism experience does not disperse for a person durable: then for any will experience polished very smooth, because the light
