On May 9th to 13 Beijing will be played classical, jazz and Eastern Europe Day
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; on May 9th to 13, "Poland culture day" activities will be held in beijing. The duration of view, this is actually the art activities concentrated "Culture Week", and to the classical and jazz music performances. With this correspondence, China next year will be held in Poland "China culture day" activities.
By then, will be staged 4 concerts in Zhongshan concert hall and Peking University Centennial Hall, exhibition, "Poland folk arts and crafts masters exhibition". As the hometown of Chopin Poland, who brought the two local outstanding pianist, which is extremely remarkable won the Oscar award of the 3 movie "the pianist" Piano Soundtrack playing Jajanusz Olejniczak, and Poland will be the best Chamber Orchestra Aukso concert pianist as, also at the Central Conservatory of Music master class. The other is a young jazz pianist Leszke Mosgel, he will be with international famous jazz violinist Micha Urbana Four Quartets, and Poland music legend, jazz trumpeter Tomasz Stanko led the Jazz Quartet respectively four offer "good housekeeping". In addition, MoCarta Four String Quartet and the Poland indoor acoustic orchestra will be in the "Cultural Week" opening ceremony.
- culture day figure
Piano Master Janusz Olejniczak.
Poland interior sound band.
AUKSO conductor.
MoCarta Four Quartets for strings.
- culture day
- pianist Janusz Olejniczak speaker master class
Time: May 9th
Location: Central Conservatory of Music
- pianist Ole Bea Ni Chuck and Aukso Chamber Orchestra Performances
Time: May 10th 19:30
Location: Zhongshan Music Hall
- pianist Ole Bea Ni Chuck, jazz pianist, Moshenrier Jazz violinist Urban Nia, sir Stanko Four Quartets and concert Aukso Chamber Orchestra and the Poland Cultural Day Opening Ceremony
Time: May 11th 19:30
Location: Zhongshan Music Hall
- ur manusia four Quartet Concert
Time: May 12th 19:00
Location: Peking University Centennial Hall
Poland indoor vocal group and MoCarta four concert
Time: May 13th 19:30
Location: Zhongshan Music Hall