Children's novels published in Europe and the United States introduced aimed at contemporary &amp;nbsp award-winning works; Newbery prize novel came Chinese
A few years ago, China children press published "Newbery introduced a set of children's Literature Award Series" let the people first learned of the world children's book industry's highest award, style, but this book introduced most is the award-winning decades ago classics, for American and European contemporary children's literature introduction is also not comprehensive enough.
Recently, the 2004 Newbery gold works "romantic tale Despereaux" Xinlei Publishing House published by the introduction of small domestic finally, readers can read the latest outstanding works of children's literature in the world's fastest time.
"Romantic tale Despereaux" is a 40 year old British writer Kate DiCamillo's works, describing a dog named "Despereaux" little mouse the joys and sorrows of life course. This little mouse just born is particularly weak, so to get Depero (Despereaux, original intention is "disappointed") the name. But the mouse life doesn't disappoint, live in the library he learned to read, and staged a "hero rescue the princess" show -- which is the little mouse aid is a human girl.
A strange "of mice and men love" fairy tale unfolded, after many tribulations, they end up living together.
Because the peculiar "of mice and men love plot", "romantic tale Despereaux" won the Newbery award has aroused great attention. From this novel, the reader is not difficult to read out the new trend of world children's literature development.
It is understood, "after the romantic tale Despereaux" won the Newbery award, several publishing houses immediately respond, launched the copyright of the novel fight, eventually won by Kate DiCamillo have published another work, "the silly dog Wendy guest" Xinlei publishing house. And the introduction of the novel's publication also marks the introduction of children's Literature Publishing Publishing direction by the classic works of contemporary works to transfer.
The Newbery prize is one of the most important awards the world children's literature award, 2005 works as Cynthia America writers express the middle of the last century of Japanese American children life novels "bright".