Detective fiction "," books "traces of life into owner's Manual" landed Anglo American bestsellers list
"Trace" author Patricia Cornwell this year 43 years old, born in Miami USA.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Dan Brown and J K Rowling to occupy the English book sales Championship situation challenge. Female writer Patricia Cornwell detective novels "traces" (Trace) recently replaced the "Da Finch code", become the most popular books; a health guide Handbook "master" in the America online bookstore sales list on to defeat "Harry Porter and the Half Blood Prince".
The British detective fiction thriller: defeat
Dan Brown's "Da Finch code" had already occupied the British bestseller list for 29 weeks, while the "trace" Xin Deng champion is a book only 128 pages of detective stories. A British publishing specialty media reported in May 4th, as of April 30th the number of sales reached 54104 copies of the book.
Patricia Cornwell (PatriciaCornwell) 1990 published her first detective novel "postmortem", this book was published after fame, won numerous awards including the Allan Poe Award for best newcomer of the year, the French Adventure Fiction Award, for her. Since then, Cornwell to female forensic background has written 9 books, most of these works became a best seller, and was translated into many languages.
USA TV host Oprah: adding fuel to the flames
While the "owner's Manual" (The Owner'sManual)'s success may be attributed to the shock jock Oprah Winfrey, the "America talk show queen" was in the TV talk show she hosted in the book heap praise.
In May 4th, "owner's Manual" instead of many months by pre sales at the online bookstore bestseller list "of the Harry Potter novels of" sixth set "Harry Porter and the Half Blood Prince", become USA two online bookseller Amazon and Barnes &amp; Noble's best-selling books.
"Owner's Manual" by the two scholar Michael Roy once (Michael F.Roizen) and Meme Oz (MehmetC.Oz) Co, the former is director of the Institute of cardiovascular research at the Columbia University, the latter is in charge of Cleveland Hospital Department of anesthesiology. The book was published by Harper Collins publishing company, the subtitle is "a guide to make your body more healthy, more young". According to figures provided by the publisher, "owner's Manual" print run of 145000 copies of the book have been made to 250000. Two authors have received the visit of Oprah, visited in 3 days after the broadcast to make the book more popular.
