"More than two years after the publication of ancient lawsuit" lost "out of court" judge "Yu Qiuyu", "by my life list discusses" fake adulterated chapters, called "not afraid of Yu Qiuyu and sue"
"My book" out of court "judge" Yu Qiuyu "has been by the Beiyue literature and Art Publishing House, this two days I can receive the sample booklets." Disclosed to reporters in a telephone interview professor Gu Yuanqing of Hubei University of Economics Department of art and communication, and said "this book will help readers more clearly understand the true face of Yu Qiuyu."
"I'm not afraid of Yu Qiuyu again sued"
According to Gu Yuanqing, "out of court" trial "Yu Qiuyu" about his and Yu Qiuyu in the whole process of Shanghai court litigation, there is a list of "The Autobiography of Yu Qiuyu political mishap", and devoted my life to "borrow" fake and adulterated section etc.. In addition, the book and Yu Qiuyu's Cultural Revolution "confession", the two time Yu Qiuyu of plagiarizing the results of exposure, Yu Qiuyu in the critique of the relatives of the "fatal blow" to Hu Shi "life case", and "beautiful trap text", "Yu Qiuyu on Yu Qiuyu" etc..
"I'm not afraid of Yu Qiuyu again sued, I listed in the book of the evidence." When a reporter asked about the publication of the book will lead to a new lawsuit, Gu Yuanqing replied.
The personal assistant Yu Qiuyu: "we are not going to sue him"
In 2002 June, Yu Qiuyu a paper pleadings, the time a professor at the Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, Gu Yuanqing to court, saying it violates the right of reputation of their own, and the defendant requested compensation for mental loss costs 100000 yuan, 60000 yuan of economic losses.
The morning of August 18, 2003, in the Shanghai first intermediate people's court vice president Xu Weiji under the auspices of both parties to reach a voluntary settlement. The court accused Gu Yuanqing's five article on the plaintiff Yu Qiuyu relates to the "Cor Stanislavski" system "" relevant content inconsistent with the facts, Gu Yuanqing apologized to the plaintiff, and the plaintiff Yu Qiuyu voluntarily give up the requirements for compensation of mental damage and economic loss of litigation request.
Since then, the two sides has been the existence of discord, Yu Qiuyu published in the last year of my life "borrow", devoted a chapter to write "Yu Gu lawsuit", and his critics gave back. In this regard, Gu's saying, "this book is my life" to Yu Qiuyu "borrow me 'counterattack' response."
Personal assistant Jin Kelin Yu Qiuyu said, "I believe the reader insight and judgment, Gu Yuanqing's book again how speculation also not many people buy, Mr. Yu's book did not make any publicity will be the reader's affection." He also said, "we will not to prosecute him, it will only make him more famous." Sogou search (www.sogou.com): "Yu Qiuyu", were found
495950
A related Webpage. (www.sogou.com) Sogou search: "Gu Yuanqing", were found
14601
A related Webpage. (www.sogou.com) Sogou search: "lawsuit", were found
4600195
A related web sites.