Huang Qiuyuan becomes a school of landscape
In today's collection market, personalized works always get collectors repeng. Huang Qiuyuan is such one. In the huge wins the Huang, his unique painting language, has been peer, collectors of identity. He described the majestic and grand landscape is always so fascinating, and also has also written works more meet the artist a faction, unique style.
A group of once in "Huang album" too, as recorded in the master masterpiece works will be unveiled Rong Bao auction field. Needs to be pointed out is, the master's works rarely appeared in the market, especially to appear in the form of special topic is the first time. Previous work mostly pay occasional shot, with a high price to become collectors in the bag. This will set off the "Huang heat in art city".
Writing in the last century 60's at the end of "Ladies map" will be the first to debut, this is Huang Yi Gong also wrote the masterpiece. The palm trees in the picture, a lady beside the lake rockery, flowers slightly tired, on the stone bench in the garden on the recumbent rest. Two the boy saw, dare not to disturb, MOLLE not before, looked at each other. The painter with its delicate brushwork characters inner world out of contrast, you cannot. "The snow map" is the fusion of all Xu Daoning the famous Song Dynasty landscape painting brushwork and the Ming Dynasty famous painter Anglophobia brushwork painting painted epic. The rules are complicated, point line intensive, full pieces of business, the so-called leave days, don't stay under the. The layout of the full, gas Bureau of macro, for modern Chinese painting home without a team, it is "day full of a star" in the world.
"Penglai Wonderland" and "spring" Yingtai shows interpretation of ancient landscape painters. Penglai, ying'tai was the Chinese people in the eyes of the garden of Eden, the distant mountains to draw freehand brushwork, fairyland with fine brushwork painting. Huang Qiuyuan lives a semi secluded life, loyal to art, with no distractions, often poor life force in a piece of work. "Landscape" is the Northern Song Dynasty people with Huang mountain flood, vigorous and magnificent works, and also one of the most representative of the highest level of Huang landscape works. But in 1975 painting "with" predecessors, is Mr. Qi Gong in the inscriptions called created a new realm in the ancient Chinese landscape, the great work.
Ye Qianyu "out of Hongkong" witnessed history
The art of a piece of work is important, but the additional value of cultural and historical value will be added to the works. On behalf of the Chinese cartoon industry representative Ye Qianyu for "out of Hongkong" is such a work. This piece of creative works in 1943, a total of 23 frames, is a painting by Ye Qianyu in the Guilin, the Japanese invasion of China is to commit heinous crimes, Hongkong to witness the history of suffering. Whether in the artistic value, historical value and cultural value are a rare "national treasure" works. This in the spring of 2005, Rong Bao auction, is bound to cause great concern to the people of the world.
"Escape from Hongkong" in the Memoirs of Ye Qianyu "detailing the vicissitudes of life to remember days" and Ye Qianyu's "Qianyu marriage" are introduced in detail. "September 18 Incident", ye Qianyu et al do "salvation comics" publicity for resisting Japan and saving the nation. In 1937 after the fall of Shanghai, a lot of people to take refuge in Hongkong. When Ye Qianyu and Dai Ailian were stranded in Jiulong Mountain Wei Cun a farmer home, too nearly January, later or by the Japanese aggressors evacuation of the population of the machine, makeup mixed with refugees, is not escape to Guilin. "I'm in Guilin during the painted" out of Hongkong "23 pictures, records the trapped suffering experience." In 1943 January, held "Hongkong suffering" exhibition at the Guilin in Guangxi, the Japanese occupation of Hongkong exhibition artists witnessed atrocities and the people of Hongkong suffering oil paintings, woodcuts, watercolor and sketch, comic books and more than 100 pieces of. On exhibition at the Guilin, and to Chongqing on display, including this set of "escape from Hongkong".
Ye Qianyu personal experience, with different art techniques from various angles described just happened worldwide 18 days of the battle of Hongkong the reality, to expose the fascist atrocities. The exhibition moved to Chongqing after the war of resistance exhibited by the Guilin, as is at the lowest ebb, this exhibition caused a sensation in the provisional capital Chongqing, once again aroused the national patriotism.
Qi Baishi art city "evergreen tree"
Qi Baishi is a calligrapher of even woman and children all know. His writing of flowers, insects, crabs, landscapes, figures, fruits and vegetables and other works, ink and wash, ink not only seasoned, vivid and distinctive taste, has always won the all people of all ages. According to statistics, the auction market has taken over 3921 pieces of works of Qi Baishi, sold 2409 pieces. The concern is, before 2002, Qi's works in the general price per foot between forty thousand or fifty thousand yuan, nearly two years, his works have risen to 100000 yuan more than the market price, quality is generally in the 200000 to 300000 yuan, and the representative in million yuan on.
The experts called art city "the evergreen tree", in the Rong Bao spring auction, there are several pieces of meticulously is introduced. The valuation of up to 180--280 million "goddess like" is the Qi's most refined a Buddhism paintings. It is well known that the figure painting of flowers and birds painting master relative to less, and Kuan Yin is much less.
According to the briefing, "goddess like" is the master in 1936 creation, this is he to general Wang Zuanxu Sichuan, painted, and Qi Baishi moment "and thread longevity" in india. Who is Chen Yuqi inscription painting (Zi Zhilin) is in the period of Emperor Guangxu literati grandson of Chen Cainan, was Wang Zuanxu's confidential secretary, and Qi Baishi had intercourse. Works in 1992
