Spring art auction is very frequent, is an indispensable art event collectors at home and abroad. While the debut on May 15th at the Asian Hotel in Beijing Rong Bao 2005 spring auction, only more than 500 pieces of calligraphy and paintings featuring by. But the hundreds of works lineup powerful and high gold content, the enthusiastic attention will be collectors at home and abroad.
It is understood, the concept of Rong Bao auction will further deepen the special collection, meticulously created Wu Guanzhong, Lin Fengmian, Huang Qiuyuan, Wu Yue etc. in the factory, Shanghai special auction, not only covers the Beijing and Tianjin, Shanghai Painting School, Changan school and other leading figures carefully, but also provides the opportunity for the majority of collectors buy. Collectors may wish to try to locate something, as a system of "own do what little one can to help".
Wu Guanzhong will pick to win the art laurel
It can be said that Wu Guanzhong is the last year of the most popular artists of the art market. His works not only has frequently appeared in the market, but also pieces of a color. Especially in the last autumn Rong Bao auction, is displayed his works and market potential of infinite charm to the world. Some people have such an account: the Wu Lao works only in 2004 rose up to five to eight times. This returns is obviously, the strength of the people would easily pass?
In this season of Rong Bao auction, a few pieces of old Wu works is the most popular spring auction. This, a painting valued at 15000000 to 25000000 yuan "the Loess Plateau", is currently on the market the Wu Lao works the highest valuation of the auction, the seeded players also refresh the artists works auction record "". According to the briefing, the creation of works in 1987, with a very musical melody line played a shock soul passion symphony. In this painting, line is complex and not chaos, complex and orderly, passionate but reasonable degree. The performance of the Northwest Loess Plateau of magnificence and splendor to the line, touching, as beautiful as the heaven realm, yearning reverie. Industry insiders commented: This is Wu Guanzhong's most important representative works, is the painter to reflect the deep understanding of the arts, is the western painting language and technique of exquisite master. It is included in the "Wu Guanzhong collection of works", and many times the publication and exhibition.
With the field and another of Wu Guanzhong's masterpiece "into Laoshan", valued at 6600000 yuan, has repeatedly description. This is Wu Guanzhong in 1988 1973 in a good remembrance of his Laoshan adventure and painting, the title as the paragraph: "in 1973, biotite Jude pressure City, do not forget to sketch joy, Kai Tak Nong strayed into Laoshan, lost in the mountains. Turquoise inter actually orders but the figure, I see the wolf snake, Chien fear, called monk no should. Climbing Everest several times, see the sea, the measured range. In the evening, Yao Wen village broadcasting the moon, Midnight Run, out of the mountains, has arrived in his county, Qing live. After more than ten years have past, arranged in a crisscross pattern of the drawing. In 1988 December, Wu Guanzhong, the Longtan lake."
In addition, the creation in 1995 of the "lotus pond", "in Qinhuai", "night in Hongkong", "the Yellow River moon", "tiger" and a number of excellent works of plateau is also bound to insight income capsule.
Lin Fengmian was the first collective debut
In 2004, Sotheby's Hongkong Autumn Auction field, Lin Fengmian's "Four Beauties" to more than 510 Hong Kong dollar transactions, the price so that more people to Lin Fengmian.
As one of China's contemporary art education founder Lin Fengmian, has always been to the Western blend of style in the world. His favorite ladies, flowers, Lu Yan works always let a person fondle admiringly. Especially the ladies under his pen, is the Tibetan's love. Rong Bao auction in special auction, composed of 6 parts of the works of Lin Fengmian, is the mainland's art market's first auction of the project. Can say, here the pieces of works are worthy of collectors investment.
In the special auction, from the hand of the master "in the mirror" is a classic ladies. Lin Fengmian painting ladies even in traditional Chinese lady for modelling, but endowed with Western painting style of light, brilliant color is gorgeous but not vulgar, has strong lyric. Ladies under his pen is different from any ancient paintings and Western style naked, with his brushes and rice paper, elegant color capture an elusive beauty. It is this both classical lady charm, and Matisse an easy and elegant, permeated with the female warm work, won the unanimous acclaim collectors at home and abroad. In addition, created in the 70's of the last century in the early 80's "open", "Dunhuang murals", "goose map", "landscape four screen" and other works, is also the Lin Fengmian landscape painting heavyweight work.
Needs to be pointed out is that Lin Fengmian in the art market "or" more than 30 years, because he is a great artist, created the painting language to attract the east west line of sight. Plus works simple lines, bright colors often give a person a kind of intriguing impression in the individuality fly today, so this work there is no reason not to be those who have knowledge of income in the capsule.
Wu Yue school is expected to continue to clinch a deal the fairy tale
In spite of these a few years, Wu Yuezhong painter could stir up trouble in the market, but they are in position and art is the existence value of "dislocation". Based on this, some market participants believe that, as people come to shanghai art, the genre paintings will continue to write some turnover of fairy tales. Ren Bonian, Wu Changshuo and other masters is undoubtedly the best candidate writing a story.
In the spring of Rong Bao auction field, people will have the privilege to witness several masters heavyweight work. Like a bird
