&amp;nbsp; this is a Japanese return Zheng Banqiao's representative works, after many publishing and description, drawing on Zheng Banqiao in his later years (1750), on the title: "black gauze throw to official, Huafa Xiao Xiao sleeves cold. Write to a few sticks of Ching's bamboo, wind river for fishing rod. With years of brother. Itabashi Zheng Xiexie. " With the Beijing the Imperial Palace had hidden the same "bamboo and stones". From the box on the question that this piece was originally a collection of Yu Shan long tail one of Japan's major collector. And on the box: "ban Qiao Zheng Xiesu held candid, or rope ruler, Fengliudiedang, for painting and calligraphy Trolltech will occur, it is argued that the ancient method about bridge. The husband wants to ancient is not new, for new lost ancient, rather than rigidly and rot, if not a new live, do not have to lose of ancient criticism. Ding Chou V day long tail a sweat rain at the age of seventy-four." Zheng Banqiao poetry and painting are fine, his painting Xu Wei, Bada Shanren, especially good at freehand brushwork, orchid, bamboo, stone as its representative. Zheng Banqiao stressed that the painting is "into the world" the spirit, he thinks "big husband not meritorious world, character cultivation of pepole, and in the area of text for people to play good, non worldly affairs and what?" Painting to give people aesthetic pleasure, comfort should be "world labor people." In the creation technique, Zheng Banqiao advocate in the pen first. He painted bamboo not adhere to the game of the law, to Knowing deep God, write the bamboo gentleman heroic, not vulgar flexion ambition, as vivid as bamboo, bamboo painting, from the eyes of bamboo "to" bamboo in the chest "finally to" hand of bamboo, bamboo has become the embodiment of feelings. The painted blue, with ink brush, in a vertical long skimming method for removal of cursive, as when learning, "the secret to reveal, not this ancient Cunxin know." Zheng Banqiao is the leading figure in the Yangzhou eight monsters, in the market, the price of painting has been higher than the others. Zheng Xie (1693 - 1765), the word no. Rou, Banqiao, Yangzhou government is Xinghua County, be imperial Kangxi Yong Zheng Qian Long scholar, Juren, Jinshi, the Chinese calendar (1736) served as the magistrate of Shandong Province, Wei County, which lasted 12 years, during the on-the-job, diligent politics for the people, because they have sinned against the landlords and dismissed from office. Zheng Banqiao's calligraphy and painting, with cursive charm, he novice Huang Tingjian, into the blue bamboo style blend of grass, Li, seal books and so on, free volatile -, methodicalness chic, called "bridge body".
