&amp;nbsp; this painting in 1674, this is the beginning of the Qing Dynasty "Four Wangs" one of the representative works of Wang Jian age one, on the title: "Zi Long authentic, more than life can see more than thirty pieces, without a pen not from Dong Juzhong, so profound apprehension, no painting habits, quaternary everybody push the first good to also. This diagram imitated the Qiulin mountains, could not dream of shame in case, throw the pen is disconsolate. Jia Yin (1674) and lunar Qing, Wang Jian." This figure clearly showing that he have a preconceived idea at heart of the painting, painting landscape painting of Wang Jian life to life, also want to become a master, he and the highest achievement in the landscape in, but because no official flooded. Draw the diagram, Wang Jian was 76 years old, three years after his death. The painting of Wang Jian road is wide, the ancients is the big force atlas. This is a cautious Zhongfu to change, to change the Mogu, focus on the text of the United States, but also pay attention to the natural, this kind of work to see only in the the Imperial Palace and the Museum of Liaoning province. Wang Jian (1598 ~ 1677) the Qing Dynasty famous painter. According to the word number of characters, all round consult, Xiang Bi, and incense bynum. Jiangsu Taicang people. Chongzhen six years (1633 AD) tree. After the official to Lianzhou Prefecture, it is also known as the "king of lianzhou". Wang Shizhen sun. Tibetan ancient fort very rich, or force is very deep, style extraordinary. For "the six one". Good at landscape, far law Dong (source), giant (of course), near Zong Wang Meng, Huang Gongwang. Brush out front, ink thick moist, wooded valley deep depression, after a hearty, texturing method has good rendering ethereal, ingenuity, the ancient Yi long. Intercropping green heavy color, harmonious and beautiful. Letter Yunlin landscape meaning extremely dense. Imitation mountain firewood landscape, imitation of Zhao Danian "spring scenery" boneless landscape, imitation Hon sub colors landscape, the density is, in a pure Zhuan law written outline. Imitation son long "autumn wood mountains map", "imitation Huang smoke floating far registered map", G Ishida, Dong Yuan Shen landscape imitation "Akiyama map", in imitation of Fan Hua colors landscape, imitation giant natural landscape, bone heavy light. Most of his work style, the famous letter effect, lack of originality, and strong retro style of thought and formalism. The writing of "flavour", "Um set flavour the nunnery postscript of painting". The 2004 auction, at the beginning of the Qing Dynasty Four Wangs painting price line potential soaring, such as the Sungari Autumn Auction king of 1661 as "Ya Yichun color" vertical shaft, for the imitation of Ni Yunlin style, valuation 160-280 yuan, transaction price of 6710000 yuan, the highest Chinese painting home prices ranked sixth. If Wang Jian painting Ni Yunlin landscape can shoot at such a high price for a lifetime, Wang Jian painting is Huang Gongwang, is the imitation of Huang Gongwang represents the most refined as landscape, this is what price? I believe the art market will give us the answer.