&amp;nbsp; this is a piece of a piece of the late Yuan and early Ming painted very fine painting, painting of peony and Phoenix, the original is the result of a dear Wang of the men of the Ming Dynasty treasures (yuan). The prince is significant, the emperor Shunzhi's brother Haug, against Nur Ha Che, Dorgon, but long-term confinement, died in Liaoyang. Emperor Shunzhi to brother Haug vindicated when the sealing: "Hao lattice Fulton Heshuo significantly for prince, substitution by generation. In the letter with a white flag, led his father old belongs to original jurisdiction in Zhenglan banner." Explicit Prince's home, and later by Fulton son Dan Dan Zhen Zhen inheritance, follow the Qianlong to northwest gaer Dan died shortly after the conquest of. Explicit Prince palace, inherited by his son Yan Huang, who served three auxiliary generals grant cabinet Shi read bachelor, calendar, helped make Shengjing revenue ruler. When is in by his collection of this piece of work. After the fall of Qing Dynasty, this work was given to the president of the Republic of China, Xu Shichang, there is an inscription and seal, Xu Shichang in the piece on the topic sign: "Silk meticulous Phoenix and peony. The suspect is in Yuan and Ming Dynasty person painting." After the seal with Xu Shichang's three square seal "returning Tang Cang", "bamboo people", "Ju people appreciate", together with the original "explicit dear Royal" printed, that illustrates the collection process, later, Xu family by selling in Japanese in Japan, and published the first book of Chinese painting description that is, "Grand View" Song Yuan Ming and Qing Dynasties famous publishing. "Significant Prince Bao" -- Fu shou (Qing), Shunzhi eight years (1651) Prince He Shuosu, son of Haug rich life, following the title as one of state affairs minister Prince Heshuo significantly, as when shunzhi. "People," bow the heart of Phyllostachys heteroclada "reward" - Xu Shichang (1854-1939), the word Ju, No. - Zhai, alias Phyllostachys heteroclada, Tianjin people. Qing Hanlin, Guan East provinces governor, Ren Ge Da xue. After the revolution in 1918 Xin Hai former president. And fine painting, like the collection, author of "my floor painting poems" etc..