&amp;nbsp; Zhang Daqian "Mount Huangshan song Quan" appreciation (a) this is a boutique, Zhang Daqian third times on the title: "Mount Huangshan three tour of Mount Huangshan culminating, years of smoke lock clear. For the two wind shoe wax, dust stained dream. Wu Zi written in February Mount Huangshan pine springs. Hence." Wu Zi is 1948, the spring of 1935, Mr. Zhang Daqian following the 1933 again after receiving the predecessor of Nanjing University Centre College President Mr. Luo Jialun's employ, became professor in the art department. Mr Zhang Daqian was resident in Shanghai, every week one day at dawn to get up, hurried to the train station, the train arrived in Nanjing teaching, back and forth, it is hard to. But every summer, the vegetation is lush, flowers are blooming, Mr. Zhang Daqian took art students to sketch in the field. Mr. Zhang Daqian is a first-class master of Chinese painting, also for his students, he is a very clever teacher. He and Xu Beihong, Xie Zhiliu and other teachers organized the students on sketching in Mount Huangshan. At that time, to go to Mount Huangshan very difficult, steep precipices and cliffs, no way possible. But Mr. Zhang Daqian the bull by the horns, will continue to Mount Huangshan as the best sketch classroom. He borrowed a scene of Mount Huangshan a glimpse of great universe, teach students don't blindly imitate the scenery of nature, but to use natural materials to create their own things, and strive to achieve "nature outside, in the heart source, touch the feeling, the preparation of the wonderful. In the use of ink, he stressed the need to "three inch vertical stroke, when a thousand yards high; transverse ink several feet, body hundred miles back". "Traveling and reading phase auxiliary phase line, Sichuan mountains with in the heart, chest own Vals, write some basis." He questions his paintings in Mount Huangshan said: "to the Mount Huangshan temperament, do not have to specify the place." Said: "go out to see that writing, this is the sketch." (two) in praise of Xu Beihong Zhang Daqian "five hundred years daqian". This is not empty words. The landscape of Zhang Daqian, 1948. Representative system of the creation of Zhang Daqian peak, the reason that this landscape so evaluation, because at this time of Zhang Daqian after the Anti Japanese War dianpei. God Bichang, the landscape painting looks like Shi Tao, Dong, giant, but the reality is the chest Vals, ingenious composition and real mountain pressure below the surface momentum and left of the screen characters, mangrove formed a strong contrast, still have artistic conception. Chinese landscape painting most talk about the "lattice", most say "tune", a series of works of Zhang Daqian from the law of the song brother painted, in all of his works still with landscape most old tune. This work is original Tibetan cultural relics of Beijing city company, after the redeployment of cultural relics stores data in Guangzhou city chamber is rare in recent years take fine.
