Jiangsu and Zhejiang area is the ancient Wu Yue, has always been a gathering of talents. In the history of painting, known as the "ancient and unique" the painter Gu Kaizhi, Lu Tanwei, Zhang Sengyao are Jiangsu, Saint Wang Xizhi lifelong settled Shanyin, later Dong Yuan, Xu Xi, the Southern Song Dynasty, Liu Li, Ma, Xia, Yuan Dynasty Huang, Wang, Wu, Ni, in Jiangsu and Zhejiang painter no not Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces or the main activity, to the Ming and Qing Dynasties more beyond count. The history of the Ming and Qing Dynasties home said champion most in Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Zhejiang in Ming and Qing Dynasty painter art historian statistics people accounted for more than half. Indeed, Wu doors four, Jinling great eight, Taicang Yushan, Yangzhou eight strange, Shanyin three Ren, both fine blossoms in their season, the Yi Fang xin.
Yuk Sau Chung natural beauty spirit pregnant with culture and art today, Jiangsu and Zhejiang area, still Home Furnishing many landscape paintings. "Sunrise flaming red river, such as blue green spring water, can not cherish the memory of Jiangnan", the painter with its own unique feeling of Jiangnan scenery infection audience, enrich and improve people's aesthetic taste.
At the beginning of the sixty's, the Jiangsu painter is thousands of miles journey Sichuan sketch feat, "mountain view is a view of the sea full of love, is intended to overflow on the sea", the mind does not move, the ink changes. In recent years, the artist found a broader Chinese rivers and mountains, magnificent panoramic view of the scenery, overseas pen bottom, variation of artistic style is more of future generations.
The two provinces with famous masters of calligraphy and painting, to reflect today's scenery of Jiangnan theme works, with a strong nostalgia, across the seas and Taiwan compatriots to meet, is happy happy.
To participate in the exhibition of the art, there is the old in Taiwan art circles,, also have new knowledge, hope that the exhibitions. May we each party.
Hua Junwu
In 1988
China Artists Association
Eighteen years ago, Taiwan Yao and Shun Art Center in Taipei, Taichung, Kaohsiung launched a grand "Wu Yue painting works exhibition", and edited and published "Wu Yue painting works anthology", which at the time of Taiwan calligraphy and painting circle, is a cause for concern event. Mr. Hua Junwu in the preface to the exhibition, said: "this album in Zhejiang and Jiangsu Province has a famous painting home today, to reflect the Jiangnan scenery theme works, with a strong nostalgia, across the seas and Taiwan compatriots to meet, is happy happy."
Wu Yue now Jiangsu and Zhejiang two provinces called, is a gathering of talents to the ground, a very prominent position in art history. Prominent Gu, Lu Tanwei, Zhang Sengyao, Xu Xi, Ju ran, the Southern Song Dynasty Liu, Li, Ma, Xia, Yuan Huang, Wang, Ni, Wu, Ming and Qing zhe Wu school, "and Wu Yun," Jinling great eight, Yangzhou eight monsters...... In all production and development of Jiangsu and Zhejiang, the painter according to art historian statistics, the Ming and Qing Dynasties, Jiangsu and Zhejiang people accounted for more than half. "One hundred pieces of works of Wu Yue painting works exhibition" income Jiangsu contemporary masters of thirty-six people, including three generations old, green, comprehensive reflection of contemporary landscape painting style and appearance of Jiangsu and zhejiang. The Rong Bao auction companies has chosen twenty-five pieces of paintings, three pieces of words from the exhibition album, twenty-eight pieces of works of painting and calligraphy, recommended for collectors and enthusiasts. These works not only are genuine, but are seriously writing Jiapin, represents the time each of the real level.
This introduction as follows:
Li Keran want to clear "to the rain", with its unique ink to the accumulated ink law between cliff, waterfalls, jungle people write. Strong chiaroscuro and heavy ink charm, is typical of his later style of landscape painting, prominently marked his beautiful symbol.
Lu Yanshao "Yandang Mountain", in the picture, and flowing cloud floating rate Quan Huiying, meaning Cun lines outline and faint thick ink block interleaving, and the trees, wooden huts and cream, talking man. Complex content to pen rhythm together, resulting in vivid drawing.
Xie Zhiliu "sunny" Xie Jiang Fan Ying, late landscapes, more song Jian Jin bones, while the new law apply to Xincai (even using western pigment) into, is a variant of the green landscape. This graph is typical.
Tang Yun "good" Mountain Meng, West Lake Dongpo poetry writing, prospects for a piece of lotus in full bloom, faint thick ink leaves against the red and white flowers, evil spirit it is good-looking. Zhongjing arch chueiyang, vision rice home Yunshan method, have rain indefinite sense. Ink pen Jian Feng, called a.
"Dawn" Yingyeping diagram, write in the morning Mount Huangshan Yuping peaks, cloud scattered at the beginning, the sunrise shine, moist and pleasant.
"Mount Huangshan map", is a wild Mr. Ping four Mount Huangshan have a sense for the key change unpredictably, in the clouds, so partial to light ink, art of composition bias to a virtual.
Wei Zixi "Qixia high autumn", is the Nanjing Qixia mountain, Qixia temple and Qianfoyan concentrated austerity and ideal processing. The accumulation of layers of cinnabar and embellishment, clearly reflecting the autumn the rich, it is a feature of the author. "The Yellow Sea fisherman's song", Xiongzhi cliff pine, corresponding to million dump blue patches of sails. Muddy mang Hyperion, rhythmically undulating, display of its different from the rivers of the deep and thick, the weight of the pen, is proof that the author foundation.
Song Wenzhi "spring to Green River", written by Taihu Sanshan spring scenery, wild out of the green, Lee flowers in full bloom its color as snow, Miaomiao Lake sailing boat, this fresh Mingxiu realm not negative "song of Taihu" reputation. "One's nobility lasts forever", Cang cliff, fly flow is high, may take on Mount Lu. And odd risk Yu with handsome charm, this is natural since Mr. temperament.
Cheng Shifa "Songjiang Fangta"
