Recently, the famous contemporary painter of flowers and birds, China Suzhou painting academy President Mr. Shen Weifeng should be the Great Hall of the People Management Bureau invited, in the Great Hall of the people, the Great Hall of the people to create a large "lotus flowers in red". It will serve as a fine by the suspension in the Conference National People's Congress Standing Committee hall in front of the prominent position. During the creation, NPC vice chairman Wang Zhaoguo specialized met the young painter full of wit.
This piece of "lotus flowers in red" works embodies great efforts of Mr. Shen Weifeng, Mr. Shen Weifeng is the subtle as. This concept of masterpiece, as if on the spring breeze, Shensi dances, as if to appreciate the glorious symphony in Vienna golden hall, listening to the world cross state, all things of self. Dreamlike artistic conception is the picture, Cui cover hidden, exposed the number of flower buds, purple red, crimson, faint Chuzhan spit incense. In this painting, Shen Weifeng boldly with light, water color, green leaves, painted Honghe rich, beautiful, the water wave light swing, lofty mood, bright warm, elegant and refined style. Perhaps it is because he came from Jiangnan's sake, his lotus always has a "wet" breath. He drew the pool load of water, painted in the spring of moist, drew water on the flowers nourished. His paintings, there is a strong to make you breathe the fresh water. This fresh, can let the modern people anxious temper get rest, so that the work of irritability of washing. This is a can make the person's life state adjustment of the United States, a "charm air feet, Hao Ran Qi" of the United States, a fresh and optimistic, the sun shining beauty. This is where Shen Weifeng painted lotus charm.
Shen Weifeng particularly fond of lotus. Lotus is also called the lotus, lotus water, its Gao Jie, elegant charm long for the love of people, often with more noble character. To draw a masterpiece, he will walk the Humble Administrator's Garden in Suzhou, the lotus pool, intentions and lotus dialogue. He to the lotus rapt, in dreams often met with lotus. Because of this, from under his pen lotus will be so vivid, colorful, elegant and refined. No wonder a famous art critic, look after the praise: Wei Feng lotus, under his pen is alive. He broke the previous style, self erecting a flag, the lotus works of art to a new realm.
&amp;nbsp; one of the founders of Shanghai Academy of painting, art critic Mr. Shao Luoyang once commented: "I see Shen Weifeng's paintings, be startled at. I said: 'your painting very atmosphere, to say Chinese painting ink, is to have the traditional. Your painting is ink. ' Qi Gong for his title of the poem is very true, 'pen bottom heart, spring, four flower paper spiritual tradition, innovation, Weiyang school to see the descendants' we just see the exhibition in the downstairs, his pen, ink is living his. If not living, living, ink painting pen wouldn't exist. It seems that Shen Weifeng really know how to inherit the tradition, so he has the development. I think this Mr. Shen went to Shanghai to open the exhibition, also give us the Shanghai artistic circle brings a clear breath. Because of his paintings are about the ink, is about the pen ink magic essence."
Shanghai Artists Association vice chairman and secretary general, Chinese Artists Association Zhu Guorong said: "I very much agree with Shao old words. Mr. Shen's works has absorbed many aspects of people's strengths, and I think many style combined very well, not to give a person a kind of hard together or recklessly feeling, very harmonious, this is not easy. Mr. Shen's paintings are based on tradition. Why does everyone like? I think it also have some of his own artistic treatment. For example, the painting of bamboo, I feel like a few branches of traditional painting, and his paintings are a large, from the root to the top, the style is very big, some panoramic. The old gentleman just Shao said Mr. Shen's painting style, I think there is so little. In addition, I think his water very well, see every painting in water, very moist, very transparent, this is characteristic of Jiangnan flower and bird painting. Qi Baishi is the painting of flowers and birds, he is to the north; Mr. Shen's paintings of flowers and birds see is south of the Yangtze River, water is very good."
Ancient Chinese Literature Search master, Peking University Professor Mr. Ji Xianlin met Shen Weifeng's Lotus plans, approval. In his early years in the North Park Mr. Lotus Pond personally planted by the opening of the Honghu lotus, red lotus name "season Lotus", Wei Feng painting lotus color and "season as like as two peas.". Mr. quarter love painting and people, will be Wei Feng cited as a confidant, and personally will he published prose set name "Qing Tang lotus rhyme" to him. This is Mr. affirmation and affection for his work.
In front of honor, Mr. Shen Weifeng was very modest. He said Chinese painting senior painter, broad and profound, has accumulated rich experience for us. As a new generation of artists, to be innovative in essence based on attracting predecessors paintings,, into the spirit of the times. Believe China painting will occupy a more important position in the art world.
Biography: Shen Weifeng was born in 1965 in the ancient city of Yangzhou, is now the Suzhou painting academy. His paintings inherit the "Eight Wonders of Yangzhou" and the modern sea painting style, rich in subject matter, simple and vivid, the performance of the sense of life and sense of emptiness, have very strong artistic appeal. In his freehand flower bird painting creation, lotus and bamboo accounted for much of the text, which is the main theme of the painter painting in recent years, a great breakthrough achieved in the lotus and bamboo.
