"Foreign modern selected works", by the nine leaves school poet, translator Yuan Kejia editor, Shanghai literature and Art Publishing House in 1980 published the first volume, to 1985 a total of 4 volumes of 8 volume of Qi, is the last century 80's far-reaching a translation of books.
Sun Wenbo, poet, was born in 1959, Sichuan Chengdu people, his collection of poems "to the small Bei Li Song", "Sun Wenbo's poem" etc..
To say in my literary career has brought deep influence what books, a lot can be mentioned, but here I would like to say to Mr. Yuan Kejia editor of the "selected works" the first volume of foreign modern. It is through the publication of this set of 1980 Shanghai literature and Art Publishing House on the two books to read, I really of what is the contemporary literature (mainly the Modernism Literature) with understanding, from the book and works to see into the industrial era poet should use literary words said the way. There was a time, my writing and even for the book in the works of imitation.
Up to now, I still felt this book beneficiaries, also remember the many works in the book, like Yeats's "among school children", Eliot's "wasteland", Ezra Pound's "Moberly", Valery's "beach cemetery", the twentieth Century world poetry in the history of the famous, let I felt at the time of reading them spiritual vibration is really great.
On the contrary, in very long period I on modern poetry not interested. Although I had put Zhu Ziqing series "Chinese big department of New Literature - poetry volume" read a few times, but even today many people still to be seen as those famous works, such as Xu Zhimo's "zaibiekangqiao", Dai Wangshu's "Rain Lane", let me lift not interest, sleep they impress me. At that time, I even think that modern poetry is not interesting. And "foreign" in modernist works selected works corrected my this kind of understanding.
I thank myself at that moment -- writing apprenticeship, read the great poem. On their reading speed up me as a poet in the pace of growth path. Familiar with the twentieth Century world poetry of people know, I mentioned above both Yeats, Eliot, Pound, or Valery, they both have an enormous influence on the later development of poetry character, like Yeats in "contrast method used among school children", as Eliot in the "wilderness" by fragments of agglomeration the amount of information obtained by use of the symbol, like Valery in "beach cemetery", all of these make me see the modern poetry can contain spiritual energy.
But also is not only a kind of spiritual energy, also is through the poetry reading, I found the intrinsic reason of literary development and variation -- Method of poetry processing real things, as well as needed to face language sense of form can be obtained through what channels. For me, it is in these poets of the study, found a channel to understand the relationship of contemporary poetry and life of the time, make oneself in later writing seemed not blind.
A book has such a role, for reading his is certainly happy thing. Although I didn't want to today exaggeration to say: if I learn key periods of writing is not such a book into the eyelid, maybe I could be a poet will be a problem. However, I can say is: if you don't have this book, my poet on the road may not so smooth as in the growth. In my understanding, what is the Enlightenment of literature, not anything else, is when a person in the first literary apprenticeship, to meet with a book.
Of course, this is not absolute, because a person can become a writer, poet, is determined by multiple factors. I know the reason why some people into the literature list, because another chance, for example, met a literary predecessors, under his help, or get like-minded friends advice. Different people into the literature is not the same, this is the decision of the rich world. I appreciate the richness of this, because it is the rich achievements of countless people dream.
