¡¡¡¡Newspaper reporter Chen Xuepin intern reporter Tang Xiang from Shanghai
A newly established two years of network payment company, its goal is to become a $10000000000 listing Corporation.
The company called quick money, say this is a quick money CEO Guan Guoguang. He had previously served as senior vice president NetEase, responsible for the NetEase listed on the stock market. As for why to choose the third party payment as entrepreneurial orientation, he once said to the media: "I can see what is this alley opposite, people can only see the alley." The common feature of confidence and arrogance only one step away -- it is almost all entrepreneurs, is may need to leave time confident or arrogant to textual research.
For $10000000000 listing Corporation, he is so off, "Baidu listed the number of advertisers is only 40000, and it had done was to attract customers, it can support a large number of the market value of existing; and we a few years after the client is thousands of million, but these customers are able to directly bring profit, say $10000000000 is not an exaggeration."
The company by the end of 2005 reached 4000000 registered users, plans this year to more than 10000000 registered users, is known as the largest domestic third party Internet payment platform. "In America with payment related revenue has exceeded the sum of all the commercial banks interest income, I checked the data is $300000000000, of which more than 70% are individual consumers income." Guan Guoguang likes to borrow USA payment industry status and China compare the situation. Although American and China significantly, but he is convinced that the Chinese third party payment market prospect is very wide.
The convenience and security challenges of network payment
"All you need is a mobile phone number or an email address can be network payment." Outdoor advertising in the quick money wrote, this and the traditional need a bank account to pay custom network in stark contrast.
However, this mode of payment and traditional payment network and there are no essential difference, because behind every mobile phone numbers and email addresses will correspond to one account -- the account can be a credit card, debit card accounts, including the post office remittance, collection, collection, mobile phone telephone prepaid cards and cards and other forms of.
"Quick money function actually is equivalent to the integration of a lot of trading tools VISA card, it is also known as network VISA." Guan Guoguang said, "in essence, the underlying technology we and VISA is no difference, the difference between us and it is that the VISA cards in the face of the tools of the trade is single, and the quick money face is more dispersed trading tools."
Because "the credit absence", online payment has been one of the bottleneck problems in the development of electronic commerce Chinese. Network payment platform is equivalent to the "credit absence" conditions "fill products", which many of the bank card into a page port, to pay the company as the credit intermediary, buyers in confirmation of receipt of goods before, instead of the seller and the buyer the temporary custody of payment.
Network payment platform is currently the most famous include Alibaba Alipay and eBay Paypal (PayPal). Guan Guoguang said, fast money, the biggest feature is the third party payment platform, the main customers for those medium and small companies. These network payment platform main business is for the parent company, is unlikely to be its parent peer use.
"While the user can choose a variety of use from the bank card, postal remittance card, prepaid card payment, quick money platform coverage of population and the means of payment are very extensive, this is where our innovation." Guan Guoguang told the "daily of the first finance and economics".
Transaction security is the biggest problem of online payment platform. Guan Guoguang said: "quick money using various mechanisms to ensure the safety of users of funds, such as payment mechanism, the user can the payment process due to various accidental factors to abort or not complete, the system will automatically revert to the original state of the transaction at the beginning of the user account." In addition, quick money has also established a series of monitoring mechanism, the trading system problems will be forced to be suspended for two days for review. Internal financial aspect, abide by the principle of mutual supervision, will not allow any person involved in leading the whole transaction. In the identification of the transaction, quick money has a set of transaction filtering engine, can identify issues transactions obvious.
Value added services: trump card online payment
In Guan Guoguang seems, fast money platform can provide detailed records of user behavior, and convenient merchants master user needs and preferences. This kind of value-added services platform is important for payment.
In marketing, quick money the company marketing goal is to let the user know fast money, this brand, and then focus on the core application. "Quick money strategy is the same mainstream applications is bound, working with large manufacturers cooperation, because the current large portal by the master of the user resources is considerable."
"We don't have to force the user to use the quick money, because the network paid just deal an additional product process, single push a payment platform, there is no effect." Guan Guoguang said, "quick money strategy is to identify the transaction, bundling and relying on the above, the user in the conduct of electronic transactions, come very naturally will use our payment platform."
In addition, quick money strategy was to stabilize a number of active users, and will look into ordinary user. Guan Guoguang put the quick money marketing mode called non linear marketing, "a registered users will often into an unregistered user in a payment transaction, the interaction between users will form a network effect."
From entrepreneurial start, fast money business model had no change. "Quick money back and never do the application." Guan Guoguang take an oath devoutly that. He believes that once the quick money do application, will face more competitors, but also against their own independent third party payment market positioning platform.
Fast money, the dream of the future is: first of all, will pay for all the tools into one interface, with the increase of flow rate, give merchants bring value is the same, but lower cost. Secondly, fast money with data with the user, can realize the database marketing, to provide customers with value-added services such as customer support, promotion, promotion, or for customers to create business opportunities.
In 2005 August, fast money the company was the first venture investment fund and USA DCM Peninsula, the second round is still assessed. Guan Guoguang said, the quick money, financing is a natural thing, is the last consideration. Fast money pick wind conditions only two, one must be in China had investment; two is in the China investment must be success.
"Electronic payment industry is a * * *, easy survival difficult industry," Guan Guoguang said, "any company to succeed in this field, you must stand on solid ground to do seriously, can not hold the speculative psychology."