JWT global CEO: mass media is still a good choice of brand communication
Reporter Kang Jian from Shanghai
"To make the brand faster, wider access to consumer, mass media is still a good choice." At Michael Maedel global CEO recently in Shanghai office told "first financial (related: Financial Securities Daily"). He told some people "television, print media lost meaning" point of view not to regard it as right.
JWT is one of the largest advertising company America, and Ogilvy &amp; Mather together belongs to WPP group, at the end of 3 just bought China native Shanghai always marketing Service Corporation.
The mass media and interactive media on
According to the new way of the media emerging, corporate advertisers advertising more and more not know what course to take the scene, Michael thinks, advertisers should be a qualitative and quantitative analysis, so that any product has clear starting point: consumers. Let the media reach consumers, so that they are more willing to listen to the company.
Of course, in the media more and more cases, implies that the changes of communication ways. The past is now mainstream mass communication, interactive and customizable brought new challenges -- how to make the brand with consumers more interactive.
JWT Northeast Asia Regional Director and large China area CEO Tang Ruitao thinks, Chinese face two challenges: brand advocate explicit and how to deepen the relationship with customers.
He thinks, the Volkswagen brand does not lose its value, by the mass media can clearly convey the true meaning of brand. And on this basis, also need to update the form to further deepen the relationship between products and consumers. Through interactive media, can be the past passive into active dialogue relationship between consumer relationship.
The rule of experience of Tang Ruitao is, in delivery time, the mass media and the new media "50-50", the former is committed to brand building, the latter for deepening the relationship with consumers.
At the same time, the products according to consumer participation has been classified as high involvement product consumer engagement and low consumer products. Use media depends on the complexity of the product itself. Such as cookies without thinking about purchase products, relatively large role of mass media. Automobile and other luxury goods need to increase dialogue and interaction, so that consumers into the brand.
Global brand, local characteristics
Michael emphasizes the global brand positioning and local representation. He mentioned, even if the advertising is the main washing machine, washing machine in each market, the consumer price and wage proportion is not the same, some market with 2 days of wages will be able to buy one, and some of the market, consumers need to buy with his three month's salary to. Under such circumstances, participation of consumers is completely different. Those who use to three months salary afford a washing machine people will spend more time to understand the performance of products is durable, this is totally different from the mature market.
"The localization does not mean that the global advertising translation into Chinese, this is a crude way." Michael said.
