In the process of economic development and city will lead to the emergence of the poor areas and rich areas? Should admit, poor areas and rich areas is a national economic in from the traditional economy to take off again to the maturation process is often difficult to avoid the issue. Industrial society early Britain, France, Germany and USA and many other countries have occurred, the poor areas and rich areas, its causes is the people's income gap expansion and market choice result. It can be said, as long as people's income gap is widening, as long as the choice is left to the market, then the poor areas and rich areas will be quite distinct from each other appear. So, developed in the early classical developed countries, often can see a city uneven distribution between rich and poor Island Island, such as London is the east end of London and London's west end, a Manhattan district and Manhattan District of New York, a city and a country hit in the end approaches.
The rich and the integration of the road
China problem is that, in recent years, the widening income gap, has led to a serious polarization of the situation, therefore, the current in the development process of city development and real estate, poor areas and rich areas of the Chinese actually already be vividly portrayed. I have repeatedly stressed that, if Chinese really rich areas and poor areas caused all kinds of problems, so the crux of the problem lies in the differentiation of two Chinese first results of national income distribution, the polarization of income distribution is lopsided in the current housing prosperity Chinese, and people can not afford to buy homes has reason, will also lead to the root possible reasons for the emergence of such city scars of the poor areas and rich areas.
However, admitted that the polarization in income distribution in the process of economic take-off is easy to cause, the poor areas and rich areas, does not mean that public opinion can this, reality and growing trend of auto accept, does not mean that public opinion would agree that some people have said "go through a transition period, it may gradually the poor areas are transformed into a rich area". Of which there are two reasons: first, everyone on the current income gap has expanded views. If the expansion of the income gap is because the market economy, it is a situation, but the widening of the income gap Chinese reason now we compare with the power of capital shortage is raging, the degree of marketization, market distortions caused by the consequences. Since the polarization is a cruel reality the power of capital to create, rather than the product of the marketization process, why not go to the power of capital, and regulate the market process, rather than "to the name of the market" to the poor areas and rich areas filled into the cold reality of reinforced concrete? Second, the poor areas and rich areas is not "in the development of market economy can not be contrary to the law". Because even if the market process will lead to the differentiation of the income difference and the poor areas and rich areas, but not only to regulate and control the market economy development and city development in the hand, why the government's visible hand can not properly control, and to allow someone to continue? Obviously, this involves two problems Chinese city in the process, one is transformation, economic development especially should play what role in the process of city problems in the market and the government, the two is the government and society is to allow someone to continue or save, to the "visible hand" it may lead to the the market.
As everyone knows, not only to countries in the development process had such city scars of the poor areas and rich areas, but also has appeared the phenomenon of environmental pollution Thames River contaminated fishes therein do casual. A profound historical lesson later summed up is: not allowing market invisible hand role, whether natural, problems in the poor areas and rich areas, or the problem of environmental pollution, can not divide, fusion, "treatment after pollution", but to play well the box supporting the role of hand, expand while fusion, "edge pollution treatment". In fact, the answer should be clear. First, the transition process and the city government in the market transformation very important role in the process of city development, city planning, China, social stratification cannot China completely to guided by the "invisible hand", also must by the government "visible hand" of regulation and guidance; second, the "first differentiation after the fusion" since has been the development course of developed countries and many developing countries proved to be a large cost of road, and "edge edge fusion development" is a feasible way, then the government of city development and real estate development intervention may lead to "full development of rich and poor districts" type to "the development of poor integration type".
So, how to through the government's regulation and control and guide to avoid entirely caused by market oriented "poor district of" city development path, to "poor integration type" of the path of development? The most critical one is bad, the role of the government to exercise the power of capital, to reverse growing income polarization situation. In addition, a very important point is, the government should vigorously develop city public facilities and public services, public goods and public services through intervention and reasonable city planning guidance, respectively, dilute or even obscure the poor areas and rich areas, the organic integration of the poor and the rich in a common home.
The public space of intervention
Try taking Hongkong as an example. Hongkong city layout has several characteristics: first, Hongkong has no obvious rich areas and poor areas