According to the analysis of the insurance industry, this year the Shanghai market retirement insurance buying momentum evident warming, endowment was seen by many as an important content of life planning. Investigation shows, China now has nine% of the adult population to worry about their pension problem, there is a general lack of confidence in relying on pensions to maintain life after retirement, 57% of the people think that pension have to "rely on their own in addition to save money".
In Europe and the United States, the elderly pension from 3 aspects: one is the basic social pension; two is the enterprise annuity; the three is the individual savings and commercial insurance. In our country, the social security system is just beginning to sound, as is the implementation of "social endowment insurance system wide coverage, low security", retired to insurance provide only the most basic source of income. The enterprise annuity system in foreign countries has been widely implemented, in developed countries, the enterprise pension coverage ratio is very high, Denmark is nearly 100%, Holland 85%, American reached 50%. Enterprise annuity has just started, so in our country, people had more to their pension plans to save.
At present, the people to formulate future retirement plan largely have to rely on personal investment and insurance plan. Personal investment we are required to learn professional knowledge, long-term adherence to your financial (related: Securities Finance) plan, ultimately get higher returns.
But the commercial endowment insurance is similar to savings to force yourself, it is at the beginning of the benefits can be insured to calculate future returns, the current income of a draw pension plan. The current market is relatively simple endowment insurance have Prudential "blessing to enjoy the future" plan, pension guarantee payment of up to 30 years, in addition to have accidental death insurance gold, once the unfortunate death, insurance companies will be exempted from period to period insurance premium, the family can continue to receive guaranteed pensions, the family has a basic security. Universal life insurance should be more complex company launched the security line, can according to the change of life, the demand for different periods of time, sales have been falling prices since last year.