According to iResearch Co., published in 2005 Chinese "online payment" Research Report, the size of the market Chinese online payment in 2001 900000000 yuan, in 2004 reached 7500000000 yuan, an average annual compound growth rate of 102.7%. Ari predicted in 2007 China's online payment market scale will reach 60500000000 yuan.
It should be said that in more than 400000000 mobile phone users and 1 million Internet users support, payment market is undoubtedly a huge imagination space online.
In this regard, Beijing YeePay CEO Tang Bin even thinks, pay demands now is the largest domestic demand is not satisfied. But before 2005, as the main body of the payment and settlement of commercial bank is a don't care, to pay no heed attitude clearly in the face of a large number of low-end merchant payment service. In this case, the commercial banks choose to pay a company to provide payment gateway interface, on-line payment service outsourcing to pay the company, as eNet Silicon Valley dynamic business operations director Zhang Lei said, pay a company to become commercial bank payment business agents.
In the face of the rise of online payment companies, commercial banks began to wake up, take measures to respond to threats; on the other hand, the online payment company also exposed the disadvantages of supervision. The original 6688 mall merchants settlement is in arrears embezzlement case.
This time that the central bank will in 2006 promulgated the "guidelines on electronic payment (No. second)" document, namely "payment and clearing management approach" of the news, the main content is considered to be "related to the third party payment company license", it is understood, in the field of electronic payment, license plate number will not be more than 10 copies for liquidation; system, the central bank is the principle of "to the central bank as the leading, commercial banks as the main body, the social organizations as the supplement", and to the quick money firm as the representative of the third party payment company belongs to the "social organization". Another third party payment business is good buy company general manager He Mingpan told the "first financial (related: financial securities) daily" interview said central banks should publish management approach is to prevent online financial fraud and disorderly competition, the market to regulate the Internet payment.
Analysys International believes that, with the end of this year the financial industry comprehensive opening deadline approaching, Chinese third party payment market restructuring and reshuffle will can hardly be avoided, in the current domestic 40 about the third party payment service providers, and at least half out.