The work of the stock index futures is now wildly beating gongs and drums, the information integrated in all aspects of view, the stock index futures and investor meeting time not too long. But including the main firms involved in, funds and have rich experience in commodity futures market Futures Company such as the future of the stock index futures on the financial derivatives, preparation is inadequate.
As everyone knows, as a hedge -- the stock index futures market capacity is large tool matched with the securities market. A conservative estimate, in accordance with the flow of the market value of shares after the completion of the Shanghai and Shenzhen two city 3 trillion as the basis, if this number 10% namely 300000000000 funds involved in financial futures, the average allocation to market 100 agencies, each deposit amount will reach 3000000000 yuan. At present, the largest domestic Futures Company margin stock may be less than 500000000 yuan. The amount of money so much, any futures agencies are not met, how to manage the money will be a major topic.
In fact, many of the institutions in the management and have not formed a set of scientific thinking, and in terms of risk control is unable to proceed. Relative commodity futures, stock index futures risk is much larger than the commodity futures. Mainly reflected increased significantly in market participants, and most participants generally lack of market experience. Compared to the stock market, the stock index futures for the characteristics of cash settlement, is more abstract. Even compared with the previous red adzuki beans, mung beans, speculative variety, financial futures still more abstract. Not only that, financial futures market exists great unpredictability, "Bahrain incident" in Kobe earthquake occurred on the typical.
Think about it, a lot of risk events are caused by human factors, the risk more than 95% of all can be controlled. The key is that we lack experience, risk awareness is not strong. Stock index futures commodity futures since it is so, what's not to like?
Commodity futures and financial futures risk are similar. Both import and risk to customer accounts and funds hold, or transaction link and transaction risk, are more difficult to control. Risk control of financial futures can not hold fluky psychology. For example, when the market unilateral trend, or when the volatility of the market, how to stock index futures agent adjustment margin ratio; when the large fluctuation of the compulsory position closingclosing positions, meet how to process and so on, will be the future of the stock index futures agency issues faced by. In addition, when a transaction occurs, how to check the account, how to successfully make those book negative customer to confirm the transaction and so on. Although these problems happen every day in the Futures Company, but financial institutions including brokerages and fund companies, but not very well prepared.
With the development of electronic trading, risk control requirements will be higher. Whether it is ready to place an order, the mechanism of market system and so on are the need for emergency treatment, also is the good equipment guarantee. Stock index futures and stock exchange also has the very big difference. Under normal circumstances, as long as the securities brokerage agencies do not have great violations, no matter how the stock price volatility, will not involve risk agency. Stock index futures as the characteristics of margin trading, any fluctuation of the day may make the agency has the huge risk, causing great losses to even within a few minutes may.
These problems will be solved fundamentally, the key is the reserve of talent. To prove the practical experience for many years, risk control success futures or not, human factors accounted for a large proportion of the. Can foreknow, all future institutions will face the dilemma of lack of personnel. Even if all of the Futures Company management personnel to participate in the risk management of stock index futures, reserve of talents are lack of. In this regard, the relevant agencies should fully understand.
In fact, the financial futures of stock index futures for us especially preparation time is not much. In recognition of the market risk of the occasion, should be a full range of stock index futures should work well. Including the shareholders of the Futures Company structure adjustment, to establish a more perfect system of risk management, trading facilities, personnel training and reserve and update. Only in this way, the organization can more safely share the financial futures cake.
(the author of vice general manager Xi Haifu Futures (Xiao Haiping) - writer)