The rapid expansion of the population has become Beijing traffic, environment, resources and other unbearable weight. Beijing City People's Congress early consideration of the "eleven five" program offered to "strive to 2010 the resident population scale control in 16000000", later considered infeasible, delete the expression, to "according to the State Council on population control objectives and requirements put forward Beijing city overall planning approval, the use of economic, administrative, legal and other effective means, the implementation of comprehensive regulation, phases control the excessive growth of population size". However, how to use economic, legal, administrative and other means, to make public policy reasonable and effective, not be an easy job to things.
Corresponding with this is, by the Beijing high prices "crowding out" effect, a report said yesterday, 100000 Beijing people down the emperor feet subjects identity, in Hebei and the surrounding area home buyers. Hebei, Yanjiao, Zhuozhou and other places of low prices, relatively inexpensive cost of living and the clean air makes a lot of relatively low income elderly in Beijing is to be considered as the ideal place to live an easy life in old age, some near Beijing location and even the emergence of "old Beijing village".
Beijing people to "vote with their feet" out of the emperor feet clear and the government to control the size of the population "failure", reflects the market mechanism can not be underestimated in the inter regional allocation of resources in power and the government lags in the formulation of relevant public policies.
Long term since, as a result of Beijing as the capital of "siphon" effect, caused a series of negative effects to the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region's modernization and ecological security, thus forming the Asian Development Bank announced the "Hebei Province Economic Development Strategy Research" put forward in the report "poverty belt around Beijing and Tianjin area". "Poverty belt around Beijing and Tianjin area" formation in addition to the history of the natural calamities and man-made misfortunes, but also with the city of Beijing Tianjin Hebei region division of labor is not clear, did not produce big city surrounding development related to radiation effects due. From all the city of view, is generally to the big city population and wealth accumulation, further to the big city suburb of diffusion, forming numerous areas connected to the urban areas, in order to promote the comprehensive development of the entire region, a virtuous cycle and radiation effects of Yangtze River Delta, the Pearl River Delta has been initially apparent, and the development of Beijing and the surrounding area ring the Beijing Tianjin region and not in a "symbiotic distance state", and basically "zero sum game", the rapid development in Beijing at the same time, the drive to surrounding areas is obviously insufficient, accelerating the poverty phenomenon and even some area.
In order to eliminate Beijing's "siphon" effect, all levels of government has adopted a series of measures. For example, put forward Beijing "eleven five" plan, will promote the Beijing Tianjin Hebei metropolitan region and the Bohai region of the coordinated development of economy and society, the formation of regional industrial cooperation system complementary functions, rational layout, enhance the bearing capacity of the surrounding city population, effectively ease the capital's population. The famous economist Kos thinks, excessive government intervention will enable the government in the allocation of resources, the transaction cost more than the market transaction costs, reduce the resulting efficiency. Due to the lack of supporting the overall policy, a large number of the use of administrative means, the government's public policy and actively as unrewarding.
The people of Beijing in the prices, the cost of living and so on the role of the market mechanism, to vote with their feet, spontaneous moved to Zhuozhou Yanjiao, in order to eliminate the "poverty belt around Beijing and Tianjin area" out of a market way. To eliminate the gap between the development of Beijing and the surrounding area, to solve the unbalanced development of regional economy, breaking the regional boundaries, has played a great role. To enhance the local consumption, medical, service, road traffic and city construction quality, effectively promote the economic development of the surrounding area. It should be said, the folk strength based on "grassroots" exploration worthy of recognition and promotion.
However, we should see, the elimination of poverty with the Beijing Tianjin area, can not simply rely on the "hand of the market". As Nobel Laureate in economics Stiglitz pointed out: "in today's society, if not the role of the government, then to form a perplexing economic and social network is unthinkable." From the perspective of social evolution, the development of a region, growth mechanism and the spirit hub of its core cannot do without the public policy of government promotion and effective. We see, people in Beijing home at the same time, public policy and not be able to play across geographical, institutional support function. In addition to shopping and Beijing cannot be mentioned in the same breath, medical insurance of retired elderly need most "necessities" and not smooth docking and Hebei, which has become a bottleneck restricting the Beijing immigration country.
According to the public choice school's point of view, the rise and fall of a society depends to some extent on the choice of public policy of the government. In the system of key process, from centralized to expert based system to a citizen centric system changes, the decentralization, we still cannot escape from such a fact: the government plays a very important role in the elimination of the unbalanced development of regional economy. Divert capital population, eliminate regional disparity, the elimination of "key areas around Beijing and Tianjin poverty belt" is to establish a sweep down irresistibly from a commanding height of the public policy, the abolition of the household registration, medical insurance system influence factors, eliminate the area between policy gaps, provide institutional support for the spontaneous regulation of market long-term. In this way, the population of Beijing spread to the surrounding to form a radiation effect truly, drive the Beijing and Tianjin Economic development.
Author (Department of Beijing law
