Report from our correspondent five one vacation, the rapid appreciation of the RMB exchange rate is out of market. Yesterday, the dollar against the yuan central parity rate of 8.0090 yuan to debut, the RMB exchange rate compared with the last trading day up 75 basis points, a record two weeks the biggest one-day rise. This is the yuan against the dollar exchange rate middle rate third times approaching 8 yuan mark.
Recently, the domestic financial market violent, the hot stock market anomalies, gold and silver prices rose concussion. In this context, let many individual investors squandering is to charming eyes feeling, in the hands of the RMB and foreign currency in the end how to do? On the financial (related: Securities Finance) experts predict, the RMB exchange rate rise co.. Individual investors should be based on their own investment preference, to clarify the idea of investment. Generally speaking, need not follow the trend of buying foreign exchange settlement; financial management should be careful screening, and interest rate linked can put long term; increased foreign exchange trading profit opportunities than last year; "gold" also have more opportunities.
RMB exchange rate forecasting
Limited increases
According to the technical analysis, the Yuan's future will probably continue to the original "active gradual" trend. However, the Shenzhen branch of industrial and Commercial Bank of Chinese chief foreign exchange analyst Xiao Xiongwen thinks, the RMB exchange rate rise Co., individual investors should be based on their investment preferences, choose a variety of investment channels, financial investment. Xiao Xiongwen analysis, the appreciation of the RMB exchange rate is a slow process, the recent appreciation of the renminbi is not great.
Xiao Xiongwen estimates, in accordance with the last year the pace of RMB appreciation, RMB exchange rate at the end of the year to 8, appreciation rate is 0.7%; in the first two months of the year the appreciation of the RMB exchange rate level, the RMB exchange rate at the end of the year to 7.85, appreciation rate is 2.75%; in March 10th to April 10th the RMB exchange rate and high growth rate, the RMB exchange rate at the end of point 7.7, the appreciation rate reached 4.6%. Beijing time on April 18th to 20, the dollar index fell 2% in 3 days.
Now is a good opportunity to exchange settlement
Xiao Xiongwen think, relatively speaking, near section time is a good time to enterprise and individual settlement.
Of course, this kind of financing strategy suitable for the people need to use RMB for consumption or investment, but only if the reason is because the appreciation of the renminbi, a simple swap is not necessary. Because the rate of appreciation of the RMB is not expected, but the foreign exchange financing channels more. From the beginning of July last year, the RMB appreciation channel in uplink in nearly 1 years, only 1% appreciation. In addition, the difference between the interest rate of RMB and $2.95% also had to consider (excluding 20% tax on interest factors).
Professionals to remind, at present the RMB settlement of exchange rate "one price" system, we should grasp the opportunity of foreign exchange settlement and sales. Enterprises and individuals to establish a correct concept of the exchange rate risk management, should learn to use the long-term settlement and RMB foreign currency swaps and other derivatives locking cost.
Foreign exchange financing first understand the product structure
Now banks have provided more abundant foreign exchange financial products. Through interest rate, exchange rate and financial products, gold, stock and other international financial derivative products linked, under certain conditions, to individual investors more than fixed, current deposit interest income.
Financial professionals, this product banks generally regular sale, buy these financial products is the key to a clear understanding of the structure of the product, not only by the expected rate of return level. There is not enough information and experience, to buy the product of simple structure is appropriate.
From the trend, the current situation of HK $interest rates, in 3 to 6 months, maybe the Fed has raised interest rates one or two times, now launched with rates linked to several products the expected rate of return can be got, worth of foreign exchange deposit rich and people in risk averse to buy. Expert proposal, the current interest rate hike pace has been slow, and the interest rate linked products can buy some of the long term.
Chao bargain
Buying euros, yen
Professionals, foreign exchange is very suitable for long-term foreign exchange assets value, also suitable for a time, amount of money more, for people are more familiar with the foreign exchange market, in other investment channels are not many opportunities, through the "activity" implementation of foreign exchange assets value.
In 2002 to 2004 3 years, the euro, pound, Australian dollar and other currencies relative to the dollar was up more than 40%, if the long-term properly managed, for the foreign exchange value of great significance. Foreign exchange analysts think, near the midline bargain buying bearish view on the dollar, euro, yen. It is reported, as long as there are foreign exchange deposit passbook, can go to the bank to do foreign exchange trading.
Gold's recent investment need to be cautious
Since last year, gold, silver skyrocketing prices of domestic investors, let the envy. Since this year, the price of gold has risen 16% since the beginning of 2005, up 39%.
Analysis of gold personage thinks, calculation and analysis from the fundamentals and technology from the chart, prices will continue to rise. Analytic personage thinks, at present the gold has reached a relatively high level, its volatility is not less than the funds and some stocks, gold investment cautious advice hunters, high throw bargain - hunting is appropriate.
B shares worth attention
At present, B shares relative to last year lows in November almost doubled.
Financial analysts, the global stock market entered a new round of rising cycle. Good Chinese economy can not simply to betting on currency appreciation. Economic development is closely linked with the China B shares, H shares are especially worthy of attention. Since this year, H shares of the situation