Report from our correspondent (reporter Yang Kairan) yesterday, the reporter learned from the Singapore Temasek, Temasek has withdrawn from the acquisition of three nine group's plan, so far, only three nine bidders on the real and Fosun two.
"We are in a period of time before really has withdrawn from the acquisition of three nine of the plan." Singapore Temasek headquarters spokesman He Xiaohua told reporters, exit has informed the three nine group and the sasac.
The reason for the withdrawal of Temasek, journalists from a number of channels to understand, one hand is because the three nine creditors' committee to bid higher, on the other hand is the three nine central enterprises reorganization involves the integration of domestic medical resources, involving the construction of domestic pharmaceutical competitiveness, this is an invisible threshold for Temasek foreign body parts.
At Temasek after the exit, the bidders only Shanghai local state-owned enterprises on the group and the country's second largest private enterprises Fosun group. According to the three nine annual report of the disclosure, as of March 6th this year, there are two potential investors have been respectively creditors to three nine group committee formally submitted the restructuring program and the supplementary scheme. In hindsight, present a new restructuring plan is real and fosun.
At present, the relevant parties have respectively complete due diligence and evaluation of the three nine group financial and operating situation, submitted a debt restructuring program, the parties are the details of the negotiations. Recently, the three nine group the creditors' committee and the SASAC will also be fourth meetings, to further promote the restructuring process.
From 2004 May three nine chairman Zhao Xinxian to step down so far, three nine recombinant has lasted long years. In the 2005 annual report, three nine group commitment, before the end of 2006 efforts to complete the debt restructuring, and a comprehensive solution to occupy three nine pharmaceutical funding problems. According to the three nine creditors' committee and the SASAC, the three nine group consensus, the majority shareholder occupying the funds should be a comprehensive solution to the problem in the debt restructuring, a part of the capital occupying by the major shareholders from strategic investors with cash return, a part of three nine group related assets to repay. As for how to cash and assets ratio, has not yet been determined.
