The anti money laundering law drafting team leader Yu Guangyuan think, do not have to say the dirty money is what kind of crime to
In recent years, along with the smuggling, drug trafficking, underworld crime, bribery and corruption, financial crime and other serious crimes continue to occur, the presence of a large number of illegal transfer of funds activities, money laundering issues have become increasingly prominent in China, not only damage our financial order, but also jeopardize the economic security and social stability.
Due to the lack of legal system and its preventive measures to monitor money laundering act, unable to find early crime clues, affected the trace, combating money laundering crime and its upstream crimes and recovered proceeds of crime. Government departments and social aspects on strengthening the anti money laundering legislation, improve the legal system of anti money laundering is more and more high.
The anti money laundering law draft in April 25th for the first time to the ten National People's Congress Standing Committee of the twenty-first session. This formulation, marks the China will prevent money laundering, safeguard national economic security and social stability, and actively participates in international cooperation in anti money laundering. The anti money laundering law first consideration, general standing on a law to consider the three times, each time interval considered the middle of a month. A trial is the second instance is June, April, three trial is the member of the Standing Committee on August, if significant differences did not appear this draft law review, is expected in August third trial after the vote through.
According to the "procuratorial daily" report, recently, director of the budget committee, the National People's Congress bill room anti money laundering law drafting team leader, Peking University Professor, Chinese fiscal law research vice president Mr. Yu Guangyuan guest justice network, with netizens on the relevant problems of Chinese anti money laundering legislation for the exchange of.
Let the corrupt official, no place to hide
Yu Guangyuan said, the formulation of the anti money laundering law to strengthen and perfect our anti money laundering legal system has very important significance. Our country is at present only the people's Bank of China formulate department rules and regulations, namely "financial institutions anti money laundering provisions", "large value and suspicious RMB payment transaction reporting management approach", "financial institutions large value and suspicious foreign exchange transactions reporting management approach" and other anti money laundering prevention control system, the existence of the legal system is not perfect, not complete, systematic, poor coordination, the law and the legal effect of a lower level, the applicable scope is narrow, limited to the banking financial institutions and other issues, provisions of the criminal law on the crime of money laundering has obvious shortcomings, impact strength and effect of anti money laundering. The anti money laundering law is the main legal system of anti money laundering of the structure and core content, the formulation of the anti money laundering law, not only can make up for lack of existing preventive monitoring system and the insufficiency, effectively promote the sound and perfect the legal system of anti money laundering in China, but also for effectively preventing and combating the crime of money laundering and its upstream crimes, and through international cooperation mechanism of anti money laundering, to increase external escape efforts against corrupt officials, strengthen international cooperation against money laundering, anti-terrorism, maintain a good image of our responsible country, has great significance.
The focus at the proceeds of crime of bribery etc.
The anti money laundering law second stipulated the money laundering crime in the upstream for drug-related crimes, underworld nature organization crime, terrorist crime, smuggling crime, the crime of corruption and bribery, the destruction of financial management order, crime of financial fraud crimes, there is a "wait" word; but the criminal law and criminal law amendment (draft (six) the crime of laundering crime provisions) only drug-related crimes, underworld nature organization crime, terrorist crimes, the crime of smuggling, crime of bribery and corruption and financial crime 6, no "etc.".
So, whether the two law is not the same? For this problem, Yu Guangyuan explanation says, the international trend now is to try to expand the scope of the crime of money laundering predicate offences. The reason to expand the scope of upstream crime, the purpose is to increase the money laundering crime prevention and crackdown, and increase the money laundering crime upstream crime prevention and crackdown. Because the scope of upstream crime more widely, the scope of its downstream of money laundering more wide, so the fight the scope and intensity of the greater. By enlarging the scope of preventing and combating the crime of money laundering, can increase the scope of upstream crime prevention and combating and strength, so the relevant international organizations and international convention requirements as far as possible to expand the scope of the crime of money laundering predicate offences, this is a very good reason.
Yu Guangyuan said, according to the basic requirements of relevant conventions, starting from the China conditions, in the drafting of the anti money laundering law, we put several serious crime the main list, followed by a "" character as a miscellaneous generalization, that is the proceeds of crime of money laundering, will to fight. Therefore, the anti money laundering law about money laundering predicate crime should be added "crime", which takes into account the actual situation Chinese, and meet the basic requirements of relevant international organizations.
In practice the relevant departments how to grasp this "wait" word, will not cause difficulties in law enforcement? Yu Guangyuan emphasizes, general to the proceeds of crime of money laundering, are within the scope of the anti money laundering law to prevent and combat, don't need to ask this money is what kind of crime to. If you have to figure out what kind of income from sources in which crime, to prevent and combat such crime case, so preventing and combating money laundering is very difficult, can not start to figure out his this dirty money is by what crime to, whether it is smuggled to, or drugs, or other crime to. Add a "wait" word, the relevant institutions would not need to determine what crime upstream crime, just make sure is a crime, a crime
