　　Reporter Wang Zhen from Guangzhou
Hebei Cangzhou Xianxian County electrical appliance dealer Wang Fengen, 2005 years in his shop to "Happy Tree electrical chain". "Hypermarkets step by step, low quality of employees, lack of information, the manufacturer suck money." Wang Fengen said, the four major difficulties that he chose to join the happy tree.
Now, more than 180 have Wang Fengen such as rural home appliance dealer, a TCL holding "Happy Tree electrical chain" of the franchisee. In Zhejiang, there are 100 such rural home appliance dealers, investment SKYWORTH stores "arms".
Wang Fengen did not think of is, in the "construction of new socialist countryside" in the background, in the home appliance manufacturers in the interests of the tug, these Pianan corner small businessman, has been changed to be competing for resources, because the appliance manufacturers is building a "third channel".
Open up the "third channel"
If last home appliance factory for his dabbling in the channel still secretive, so, this year they have not afraid of public.
In March 30th, happiness and trees break the silence, presents a high profile in Beijing, will develop 14 province cloud, expensive, Sichuan, Shanxi, Shaanxi and other this year, franchises to 800; "one county one shop" planning, internal national three years built 2000 stores, the formation of complete coverage of the three or four secondary market.
SKYWORTH is to "test the water" range, in the delineation of Zhejiang province developed township. SKYWORTH Zhejiang, Fujian division general manager Huang Xinzhong to the "first financial (related: financial securities) daily" said, since 2005 since December, SKYWORTH store has grown to 100, distributing in Zhejiang 100 town. "This year's goal is to open 200. The territory of Zhejiang Province, a total of 1600 towns, according to a town of a shop plan, covering 500~600 town as soon as possible is possible."
Why do you want to open the shop? SKYWORTH group vice president, color TV business division president Yang Dongwen's words is "open 'third channels'", in addition to supermarkets and traditional distributors, seek "channel innovation".
After investigation, SKYWORTH found, one or two grade market opportunities have not. Huang Xinzhong said, from the recent merger of large and medium-sized Yongle can be seen, the one or two class market home appliance channel has been basically mature, it is very difficult to produce new channels. In contrast, three or four class market is developing, especially the four township level market there is great opportunity.
This year the state proposed building a "new socialist countryside", "China 950000000 the purchasing power of farmers but a gold mine!" Huang Xinzhong said, the rural market consumption dispersion; Yetai backward, shop are; rampaging of counterfeit and shoddy products, the product is not new, the price is expensive than the city average of 10%, people eager to good reputation, good operation of the store. So, "here is likely to form new values".
Happy tree electrical chain general manager Zhang Fumin also call a spade a spade: three or four grade market accounted for the national market half of the country, and every year to maintain 15% growth; while the three or four stage market integration, the chain will be the inevitable trend.
"Currently many large enterprises Chinese are self marketing network, their distribution, resource consumption and serious, which small and medium-sized enterprises because of insufficient strength cannot enter the three or four grade market." And Zhang Fumin said, happy tree hope that through the optimization of supply chain, do a good job of manufacturer and a single retailer can not do things.
In fact, far more than TCL, SKYWORTH, as a home appliance manufacturer self built channels "pioneer", Gree stores so far at home has more than 2500 homes; beauty, CHIGO last year also put forward the "down to the countryside movement", "thousands of shop projects" etc..
For the rural market
And Gree store "urban and rural sweep the deck" different is, household electrical appliance enterprises a new round of the involved channels, the main lock the enormous potential of rural market. However, the rural market is like a swamp, there are tens of thousands of villages and towns all over the country, in the face of such a fragmented market, how to operate not only in a quagmire, unable to extricate themselves?
The use of social resources, expand the franchise rather than straight battalion inn, is a new idea of manufacturer.
Why to attract local boss investment rather than investment by manufacturers? Huang Xinzhong thinks, the township must rely on the town level of customer resources, can not by SKYWORTH employees went to towns to when the boss; moreover, the local people in the local wide connections, be familiar with. So, want to let each franchisee to do the boss, SKYWORTH only to stores unified VI (visual identity system), management mode, logistics system, marketing methods, financial system, help the local boss, improve the ability of management.
With these stores, SKYWORTH in the township level market information flow, service flow, product flow is more smooth. People can see the latest products, price information in the store, SKYWORTH can also provide timely service. Huang Xinzhong said: "the operation first half of the year, SKYWORTH sales in these places improved the quality of Township, before consumption are low-end products, now the township people also buy, high-end products, realize the consumers, dealers, manufacturers' win-win'."
　　Happy tree chain at the end of 2004 the preparatory time, completely gave up pattern of straight battalion inn. Zhang Fumin thinks, join in inn can fast net, reduce the logistics, information system cost; at the same time can maximize the use of social resources, including rural couples shop store resources, customers; can also give full play to the subjective initiative of the owner. Moreover, if the new stores, will inevitably lead to new competitive conflict in three or four levels of markets.
"Europe has such a franchise chain store." Zhang Fumin said, the European Expretor (sound) similar to the well-being of the tree, specifically address the oversize city dispersing beyond the city, dealers in the logistics and distribution, IT system, procurement platform and brand unification output problem. Expretor has ten years of history, while Europe has "Earth", "Maidiya (Media)" and other large stores stores, but Expretor still play it on the dispersion of "Papamama (father and mother)" shop (i.e. "family run shop") supporting role.
Zhang Fumin points out, the main difficulty lies in the rural market, distribution costs are too high. Regional rural China dispersion, with a vast territory, make its communication cost is much higher than the center city. He said one example, in the past many enterprises to explore the rural market, often is the salesman sit long-distance bus "countryside", with the product map, price list and sales policy, a week to run the ten counties have been good. This is not only a time lag, communication effect but also because of different salesman and have difference.
In order to shorten between headquarters and the segments and various store "distance", the well-being of the tree to create a set of computer system -- happy tree DD net. Zhang Fumin said: "we have product photos hanging on to, and introduces the product selling point, the sales policy, that is, one without delay of information transmission, the two is the communication effect is no longer depends on human factors, three can be online orders."
Understand according to the reporter, the well-being of the tree, SKYWORTH for each franchisee are charged a few million fee.
Reporter observed
"Departure from the" big store?
In recent years, Gome, Suning, Yongle and other electrical appliances chain supermarket in Chinese main center city like short, constantly take cities and seize territory. Accompanied by an increase in their number of stores, household electrical appliance enterprises to keep the prices down also more and more severe, the manufacturer once intensification of contradictions.
Now, TCL, SKYWORTH and other manufacturers in three or four levels of markets and channels, is a "Deviation" of supermarkets? SKYWORTH group vice general manager Chinese regional marketing headquarters and Guangdong division general manager Liu Qiaoming, do not agree with "divergence" said.
He said, comparing department, individual franchise stores, as a new industry of hypermarkets, has its natural advantages: one is the variety of large and all, high low have, to meet the needs of consumers one-stop shopping. Moreover, they are private enterprises, there are strict appraisal, incentive system, so, although there is friction between manufacturers, but also can not cover up their advantage.
However, in the future with the hypermarket Gome, Suning infiltration to the three or four stage of market, the manufacturers of self built channels must inevitably clashed, how to coordinate?
SKYWORTH stressed, it stores only in town level (i.e. four grade market) development. Happy tree also made clear, will not enter the city, and it is now the focus of the layout in the central and western regions Chinese, rather than the eastern coastal developed areas.
The personage inside course of study thinks, Gome Suning straight camp shop mode is not suitable in rural development: open straight battalion store in such a fragmented market, it will be hard to manage, is also very difficult to share the cost. However, if Gome, Suning stores in rural areas, the join in Inn and straight battalion inn will form the internal conflict, after all, the cost of purchasing the franchise to be taller than straight battalion inn.
Gome chairman Wong Kwong Yu put forward in April this year, a one percentage point increase in the price of the purchase price, the wholesale electrical appliances to rural dealers. The personage inside course of study is analysed, and that rural dealers, why not cooperate directly with the manufacturers?
The new problem is, only sell a product to maintain the franchise profit, attract rural dealers? Different manufacturers, each using a different method. Gree build is to store, only Gree air-conditioning, small appliances, after all air conditioning and installation fees can be earned; SKYWORTH stores, the main push the premise allowed SKYWORTH color TV, air conditioning, refrigerator and so on can do other brands; Happy Tree electrical chain stresses his "is a diversified investment, brand independent, open neutral, commercial retail enterprises", not only do TCL products.
Gome, TCL, SKYWORTH and other businesses to come in a throng, rural electrical appliances market gradually and crowded situation. A senior home appliance industry thinks, no matter in what way you cut, the purpose is the same: let the retail outlets of the rural market from scratch, from disorder to order, from decentralized to unity.
Rural electric appliance retail stores, small scale, scattered single shop operator level uneven. Therefore, household appliance manufacturers are invariably to find a set of unified management, can itself can copy the mode, to rob the rural market cake. "The countryside electrical appliances market will certainly like the city, a shuffle a process of survival of the fittest, the present rural channel competition has just begun."
