Currently on the part of people, foreign investment is unusual. The State Administration of foreign exchange has recently issued a notice, the "cancel the foreign exchange current account account prior approval and increase the foreign exchange current account limits", "simplify service trade vouchers for the sale and payment and relax the examination authority," relax "domestic resident individuals to purchase foreign exchanges shall carry out annual total management policy of" three new adjustment often project, the foreign exchange management policy specific adjustment, make most ordinary people's attention is to relax the domestic resident individuals to purchase foreign exchange policy.
From quantitative change to qualitative change
To make the State Administration of foreign exchange will often account management policy adjustment, domestic individual residents can purchase a year against $20000 foreign exchange adjustment. In accordance with the relevant provisions of the State Administration of foreign exchange, published last year, by domestic resident individuals to purchase foreign exchange for outbound tourism causes the highest amount equal to 8000 USD, only at their own expense to study living expenses allowed $20000.
From $8000 to $20000, not only the number of changes, but also reflects a qualitative change. The domestic resident individuals to purchase foreign exchanges within the total annual amount, with my true identity and reporting purposes to the bank after processing; exceeding the total annual amount of purchase of foreign exchange, through real demand document provisions of the administration of foreign exchange for the bank audit. Circular of the State Administration of foreign exchange also pointed out that domestic resident individuals to purchase foreign exchanges within the total annual amount, shall be handled himself or his lineal relative he entrusts. A lineal relatives to deal with, must provide the consignor and the agent's identity certificate, proof of kinship and authorization of the principal. This with the original exit reason need to explain or students living expenses and other than the more convenient. It can be said that "in the Tibetan people" has taken a substantial step forward.
Foreign exchange financial (related: Securities Finance) profitable
According to the provisions of the "Interim Measures" for overseas financial management business management offer commercial banks, allowing residents to purchase foreign exchange with renminbi assets, entrusted to qualified banks to make overseas investment, which means that the residents to buy foreign currency financial products, can be used with its own foreign exchange, can also be used to realize RMB purchase, no longer subject to have a foreign exchange asset limit, it will a great push forward the process of RMB convertibility under capital item. The foreign exchange purchased by domestic resident individuals within the total annual amount, can deposit I of domestic foreign exchange accounts or for the foreign exchange expenditure often project. Foreign exchange remitted abroad, withdraw foreign currency cash or take out of the country, still according to the provisions of the original foreign exchange management management.
Earlier, residents in the purchase of banks to launch exchange financial products, must have to achieve foreign exchange assets, and in accordance with the relevant provisions in the "Interim Measures", in the approved quota range, a commercial bank may issue to investors the financial products to overseas RMB denominated. That is to say, the residents in a certain amount of range, can be directly used to purchase foreign exchange financial products, then obtain the QDII business qualification of the commercial banks, can use these funds to carry out the provisions of financial products in the overseas investment. This undoubtedly provides a new channel for the personal finance.
According to the Bank of China professional personage introduction, although in recent years, the domestic commercial banks have introduced some foreign exchange financial products, but only limited to individual residents with its own foreign exchange funds subscription, and domestic institutions and individuals to hold financial assets denominated in Renminbi and foreign exchange financial products can not meet our combined residents asset diversification, disperse the risk of investment demand. "The launch of provisional measures", just to make up this deficiency, found another financial shortcuts for investors.
The successive increases in interest rates the Fed makes the current dollar deposit yields up, not to mention the foreign exchange management. Relative to the RMB financial products, the current foreign exchange financial products variety relatively, but also lower the threshold. For investors, can choose their own foreign exchange financial products according to their own risk preference degree, also can be obtained by comparing the difference between the foreign currency financial and the expected magnitude, to judge whether should invest in what kind of financial products. China bank professionals also mentioned, commercial banks in the run specific overseas financial management business, also need to consider the "brains" of many of the details of the problem. For example, the "Interim Measures" provides that: "the overseas financial money back, commercial banks should be the principal and interest payments to investors, investment. If the investors are in Renminbi to purchase foreign exchange investment, commercial banks should settlement after the principal and pay the proceeds to investors." In this process, to purchase foreign exchange with Renminbi investors will involve two times: a foreign exchange swap, a settlement, there must exist the exchange rate risk, therefore, in the design of overseas financial management products, commercial banks should provide long-term settlement business of hedge and management of overseas financial management have exchange rate risk, also be prompted investors to this risk exists.
To cope with the appreciation of flexible deal
The Bank of China professional analysts said, from the renminbi market, the pace of yuan appreciation accelerated significantly in the near future. For personal finance, the appreciation of the renminbi dilemma will bring financial tools selection - in the expectation of RMB appreciation is still a strong case, if convert foreign currency into RMB holding hands, although can evade the risk of the appreciation of the renminbi, but at present the RMB deposit interest rate is relatively low, plus the income but also 20% of the interest tax deduction, still a negative interest rate is down; if the purchase of money market fund, the overall level of income or look low;
