In May 9th, a heavy rain brought some coolness to hefei.
Changjiang Road in Hefei Chinese Bank branch in Anhui Province before the door, a few foreign exchange "cattle" subconsciously will tighten clothes, occasionally see pedestrians pass by, they will gather up asking if you want to exchange foreign currency. Compared with the situation of cold and cheerless, previously, this was Anhui's largest foreign exchange OTC Foreign Exchange, but also "cattle" center, day trading abnormal lively.
Prosperity has become history, the rain "cattle" figure suggests the market depression. All this is due to two main reasons: first, the introduction of the new deal in April 13th, foreign exchange management. Since May 1st, residents in the purchase of foreign exchange quota increased to 20000 U.S. dollars, purchase conditions are relaxed; secondly, the "five one" a long, the dollar against the RMB exchange rate has been at about 1:8 low, and there are rumors fell below $8 in the week of may. The relaxation of the monetary policy, in the compression of foreign exchange "living space of cattle" at the same time, also seems to indicate "cattle" who will be forced to bid farewell to the stage of foreign exchange.
"To do foreign exchange business is to earn money, some friends have turned, and those who are 'set' friends still struggle." On the recommendation of a friend, one who has "gave up the old business" foreign exchange "cattle" Liu boss to accept a reporter to interview.
Pour the foreign exchange earned alms bowl gold ""
In 2001 the Commission open domestic resident individuals engaged in the B-share trading, purchase a stronger desire of residents. After a few months, H shares debut, issuing A shares at high prices under the guidance of domestic investors, investment desire to upsurge, but a black market in foreign currency also regard this as the opportunity, began to emerge from hibernation period. Subsequently, many people joined the foreign exchange "cattle" army, Liu boss, one of them.
At the beginning of the line, Liu boss worried about his qualifications are not high, "do not understand". But soon, Liu boss found inverted exchange with buy vegetables almost -- "a bid, a selling price, as long as the selling price higher than the purchase price, the price difference is our profit." "That year, the dollar once rose to 9 dollars. Not only speculation in the stock market of people looking for us, securities companies are also looking for us, for cooperation. This is my first time to do business with a company, all of a sudden made tens of thousands of pieces, "Liu said the boss.
This wave of the market from the beginning of February, has continued to 5, June, the dollar was tight, "cattle" internal prices rising, the market price is higher. Recall this period of time, Liu boss can not conceal his excitement, "at the time of the evening did not sleep well".
Blow after another
It is understood that after 2001, prosperity, because residents in the hands of foreign exchange is also increasing, a lot of small demand, residents between themselves, do not have to go looking for it outside the "cattle". At the same time, the exchange rate of RMB to dollar also is "not only the management floating" state, the yuan against $1 remains in the 8.25~8.28 yuan between exchange rate pegged to the dollar.
Not only that, since 2003, the State Administration of foreign exchange will gradually relax the restrictions on the use of residents sink. With the highest limit each time sink up to US $5000 in tourism; and encourage residents outside the consumption by credit card, to study abroad the quota also according to actual needs, the maximum amount of adjusted.
The continuous relaxation of the policy, and the fierce competition makes income spiral ordinary "cattle" drop, pressure, some people started to change. "At present, in the bank door only a few people", Liu boss said, this and that dozens of people's vision is not the same.
On the "cattle" have greater blow after another, due to the huge trade surplus and rising foreign exchange reserves, RMB exchange rate has become a focus of international attention. The subsequent emergence of a dramatic scene. In July 21, 2005, a sudden one-off revaluation of RMB 2%%, the dollar against the yuan trading price adjustment is 1 US dollar to 8.11 yuan. Not only that, the exchange rate began to implement the basis of market supply and demand, reference to a basket of currencies conditioning, a managed floating exchange rate system.
The news that Mr. Liu tension for a long time, however, the result is good. "So far, the renminbi is not broken 8, while the dollar deposits plus interest period."
"In fact, the greatest losses or those with large amounts of dollars' cattle '," Liu said the boss, a lot of "cattle" trapped, before receiving the "goods" all of a sudden fall in the hand, at the same time, the market trading volume is declining, the original "rich" "cattle" bosses began to struggle.
"Has been basically no business"
"Now the terminals' cattle 'mouth prices have basically close to the bank rate, not to earn money, Liu boss said," there have been many colleagues and I do change".
However, Liu boss think, in fact, the appreciation of the Renminbi for "cattle" is not the most deadly force, in April 13th foreign exchange deal -- the central bank increased the current-account the openness of the action let Liu boss felt suddenly.
According to the State Administration of foreign exchange issued "on the adjustment of current account foreign exchange management policy notice", "on the domestic resident individuals to purchase foreign exchanges to implement the management of total annual amount, the total annual amount to the equivalent of $20000 per person per year. More than the total annual amount of purchase of foreign exchange, through real demand document provisions of the administration of foreign exchange for the bank audit ", which means" five one ", the customer can directly take the RMB to the bank to cash. "I
