The Ministry of public security in May last year carried out to detect MLM network crime as "Lu Jian," special action, a total of 1147 gangs involved in pyramid.
Yesterday, the Ministry of Public Security announced on the handling of the 12 pyramid selling case. One covering the whole country 15 provinces, involving more than 16 people, involving up to 4 cases of large MLM network million yuan, is by far the largest national public security agencies to fight treatment, shall be investigated for criminal responsibility, dealt with the largest number of MLM network group dynamics biggest gang crime.
Three marketing dens end at the same time
In April 5, 2004, a northeast women to participate in "multi Timmia cosmetics" pyramid selling activities in Shandong Province, Zibo City, Zhoucun, to pay 8700 yuan high "membership fee". Afterwards, the woman felt false, then alarm.
Zibo City Public Security Bureau Detectation detachment, after receiving the report, immediately dispatched to the involved sites. After two days of tracking Dunshou, police found three MLM dens. In the mastery of the gang is located, members of the basic situation, the police in April 8th with more than 100 police take action concentrated on the three dens, 90 more than the pyramid retail personnel will is training control.
The police through interrogation to understand, the marketing group sales of so-called "multi Timmia cosmetics" is not only the general membership not seen, even has developed more than 20 line of gang C level characters have never personally seen. The MLM Gang which is on the "pull the head" to earn high "membership fee".
Soon, from Zibo City, district level two policemen quickly formed a task force, and that the case be named "4 - 8" the pyramid selling case.
In the unity and coordination of the Ministry of public security, the ad hoc group immediately dispatched, has captured the captured B level agent Xu, Liu Mou, Qin mou. After tushen, dig out the Hegang city of Heilongjiang province A-level agents Meng and liu.
In the Zibo City Public Security Bureau under the unified command, municipal, district level two departments of economic investigation to form a coalition to arrest group, rushed to the Heilongjiang, the Meng mou. Meng a confession by off-line crazy pyramid selling in Zibo, the development of the line of more than 500 people, the illegal business amounted to more than 150 yuan of the crime. A Meng and confessed their on-line is her cousin, 29 year old A-level agents liu.
Layers of tracing escapement "MLM godfather"
In June 1, 2004, the project group in Shenyang city will LiuMou arrested. Liu Mou statement to the police, since 2002 April to join the network marketing, development in Shandong, Shanxi, Hebei and other province line of more than 1300 people, to obtain illegal income more than 300 yuan. Liu also confessed, the on-line, A-level agents and Zhao Bian, a 16.
The afternoon of June 15, 2004, one of the main organizers, pyramid selling crime gang Zhao A-level agents arrested in Beijing. After review, Zhao since 1998 to join the marketing organization, has the direct development of 4 line, the 4 line and crazy expansion, the network line reached more than 3000 people, illegal profit of more than 400 yuan.
Through the efforts, the project group do the two MLM backbone molecular family's ideological work, using the two man offered case confirm each other, form a chain of evidence, the lock will be more high-level suspects. In the coordination of the Ministry of public security, arrests has will have "MLM Godfather" said shen Mou 15 activists captured and escorted back to Zibo.
With the MLM network on-line figures have been arrested, members of the network inside is a layer of open, but the exposure scenarios as each member is shocking: the members of the network reached more than ten million people, only a grade or above figure amounted to more than 60 people, involving more than a dozen provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, involving up to hundreds of millions of yuan.
In December 6, 2004, by the local Procuratorate approved, "pyramid schemes" Godfather shen Mou is arrested according to law.
Around the "pyramid Godfather" of a certain Shen investigation process, project group accidentally discovered the related audio-visual data of the pyramid selling organization held in recognition of the general assembly of the elite sales. These data point directly to a mysterious figure -- the most senior figures of the pyramid selling organization yang. The police investigation found that, this person is Chinese mainland founder engaged in pyramid selling.
The mainland MLM "originator" arrested
With the "4 - 8" large MLM network Gang case detection work unceasingly thorough, the clue is also expanding rapidly, the Ministry of public security, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce decided to convene a national 15 provinces, city, autonomous region public security, industry and commerce to participate in the strike pyramid selling crime "Lu sword" action will be deployed in Shandong. In May 30, 2005, the police task force was set up by deputy director general of the Ministry of Public Security Bureau peak as the leader, launched a full investigation of yang.
After nearly six months of painstaking investigation, project group in October 23, 2005 banned by Yang investment established Beijing Yikang company of chain stores in Ji'nan, arrested 4 suspects, seized Yang for a large number of illegal business crime evidence. In June 7, 2005, the ad hoc group on Yang on suspicion of the crime of illegal business operation formally placed on file, and it will be included in the scope of control.
The morning of January 23, 2006, Yang and his family en route to Hongkong, was arrested in the capital airport. In March 2nd, Yang was arrested on suspicion of the crime of illegal business approved by the procuratorial organs.
The police finally found out, Yang in 1998 to 2003, the organization set up a large direct sales organization, production personnel up to tens of thousands of people. In the meantime, Yang illegal profit reaches as high as 2000 yuan. At the end of 2003, Yang was registered in Beijing Beijing Yikang international chain Limited, still take the pyramid selling and pyramid selling in disguised forms in the way of illegal operation, illegal business amounted to more than 1000 yuan.
So far, this relates to the
