On Tuesday, two city, the market is still strong, continue to go high opened, the Shanghai stock market in early trading can easily cross the 1500 mark, two consecutive days appear 2 gap that runs upward, two city turnover also continue to maintain the volume state.
Yesterday two city stock trend is still hot, hot spots appear in full blossom, closed nearly 100 stock trading. Non-ferrous metal plate appear differentiation, G Jin (market, the forum) trading, other non-ferrous metal stocks, or smaller, or even fall. Aerospace plate, web plate, new energy plate become short-term investors concentrated assault target, sales of stock by main top St.
In the process of accelerating the upside market nearly three trading days, the stock a large area limit, the low price stock comprehensive Buzhang become the biggest characteristic of the disk. Relative low price stock trading in a row of the phenomenon, such as the G gas (market, the forum) pull even 5 limit, G commercial city (market, the forum) pull even 4 limit, South holding (market, the forum) pull even 3 limit; and the Great Wall shares (market, the Forum) from 2.17 yuan start, short short 18 trading day rose more than 200%. All the signs indicate, after investors do more enthusiasm has been fully mobilized, each TA funds began to ultra low-cost Buzhang shares intervention. Di Jiagu fallen too far because of long-term oversold, distance above the hold up disk is far away, in the stock market rose 50% in the background, have substantial Buzhang requirements.
Rose higher warrant plate recently, money effect is very strong. For short-term capital, intervention warrants may have huge opportunities. The key lies in choosing a good speculation warrants are stock, if the shares are rising in a large space the warrants increases will greatly, Wuliangye and warrants performance is so.
The volume continued to enlarge the natural that still have money continues to flow into the market, but the pupil differences apparent increase in. Continuous rapidly rising, long-term investors in the face of continuous peatlands predicted profit impulse, the market also may be in the process of acceleration of top. Complete Buzhang again on each plate, the market adjustment time will also approximation.
Author statement: in the scope of this mechanism, I informed, interested persons this body, I as well as the property of no interest relationship with the content of the article. This version of the article is purely personal point of view, for reference only, should assume. Accordingly the reader into the market, your own risk.
