The company is the only one directly holding ethanol automobile enterprises listing Corporation, currently has 440000 tons of fuel ethanol production capacity, occupy the domestic fuel ethanol gasoline 30% market share, with the monopoly advantage. At the same time, the company also has an annual output of 20000 tons of corn to produce ethylene and ethylene oxide production line, which is China's first industrial scale ethylene maize production and conversion of ethylene oxide production line. At present, the products in short supply. With the continued rise in international crude oil prices, China's refined oil prices continued to increase, which created conditions for the development of ethanol gasoline, is expected to "eleven five" during fuel ethanol demand will reach 10000000 tons. In addition, the company as the citric acid production enterprises of China's bio chemical industry's largest, is Asia's largest citric acid production and export base, production capacity ranks first in the world, the global market share accounted for more than 17%, has the product pricing ability and monopoly advantage, so the company's development potential is tremendous. From the stock performance of the market situation, the completion of the stock to resume trading after the share reform, continuously out of the wave of slow market hogs, then into a strong sideways. Recently, the market continued to be strong, to new highs in the atmosphere, contrast, the stock market with synchronous showed strong desire to increase, and hit a new high, trading volume. If you want to know how much the stock prices of space? When you can get involved? When to leave? A variety of specific suggestions for operation and operating varieties tips please call: 021-51575678 800-820-2004 consulting.
Want to know the next hot spot? Can call the hotline: 021-51575678, 800-820-2004 and Yu Haihua teacher, teacher Pan Minli free direct communication.
Shanghai Yibang Cci Capital Ltd (securities investment advisory business qualification certificate number: 0144) is committed to providing professional service, not promised investors access to income, nor with the investors agreed to share the investment income or share investment losses, the market risk, the investment need to be cautious.
Author statement: in the scope of this mechanism, I informed, interested persons this body, I as well as the property of no interest relationship with the content of the article. This version of the article is purely personal point of view, for reference only, should assume. Accordingly the reader into the market, your own risk.
