Chinese is planning to establish a bank deposit insurance system, and highlights the government the major changes in the financial system to worry. However, this also is in the middle of foreign banks has raised concerns, because they may be required to register in the China local set up branches, and in so doing not only time-consuming, will also give their fledgling business in China bring new uncertainty.
China banking supervision and Management Committee (China Banking Regulatory
Commission) officials said, they are making a plan, ready to launch and American Federal Deposit Insurance Company at home (Federal Deposit Insurance Corp,
Referred to as FDIC) similar in nature to the agency, the agency's functions appear to protect depositors from loss of withdrawals of risk in the bank.
According to the China Banking Regulatory Commission officials and bankers and analysts got the news, the plan is a part of the overall planning China adjustment of banking system in twelve before the end of. Chinese after joining the World Trade Organization (WTO) promises, will allow foreign banks to conduct renminbi deposits.
The China Banking Regulatory Commission spokesman said Monday in a written reply, answering a reporter's question, said, the establishment of a deposit protection system effectively is an important work.
The China Banking Regulatory Commission declined to say when the deposit insurance system was introduced, the relevant matters is still in preparation. A general understanding of the situation of foreign capital bank source said, to estimate the main rules will be launched before October.
Chinese bank deposit balance of the current system has reached RMB 30 trillion yuan ($3.74 USD). Regulators are to establish the deposit insurance system to increase efforts to prevent and financial system, market, competition and consumer savings will decrease the risk factors.
The CBRC said in a written reply, the deposit insurance system will be developed according to the specific conditions China, but will be in the American reference has been implemented for a long time the mode and the imminent implementation of the similar systems in Hongkong. American and Hongkong insurance system is a risk because regulators worry that the banking industry will bring disaster to the entire financial system and the establishment of a small amount of funding, the funds from bank deposits.
However, on will get new opportunities for business expansion of foreign banks in China, of the proposed insurance system may bring some problems. CBRC official said, this week they have informed the opening of retail banking business in China (foreign banks such as Citigroup and HSBC Holdings (Citigroup) (HSBC)), to join the deposit insurance system, they should consider the legal status of the business in China a major adjustment.
The CBRC is actually looking to foreign banks put their branch in China to become in the Chinese incorporated and management company. The CBRC said a senior official, this requires a good understanding of.
China Banking Regulatory Commission said in a written response, once has the need to appeal to the deposit insurance system events, according to the foreign capital bank cross-border supervision and relief responsibilities will lead to some difficult problems. At present, most of China branches of foreign banks were membership in their headquarters, and headquarters also retained for these branch management functions.
Citigroup and HSBC executives declined to comment on the related question. The two banks have begun to build retail network in China.
Chinese regulators seem to have caught on outside of foreign bank deposit business can not participate in the insurance of the fact, which explains that require them to necessity in branches, registered Chinese attend insurance plan. According to FDIC spokeswoman David &amp;#8226; Barr (David
Barr) said, FDIC provides up to $100000 of insurance on American domestic bank account, but do not provide insurance to account in the overseas branches of U.S. banks.
Foreign bankers said, they in China deposits are safe, because these deposits by their entire organization capital and the overall strength of the support, and not just in China business. A US bank in Chinese chief representative said, in this regard, the bank has the business moral obligation and responsibility of very high.
However, the Beijing Normal University (Beijing Normal University) financial center researcher Zhong Wei said, Chinese depositors might mistakenly think, the absolute guarantee of foreign banks in the deposit can be enjoyed by foreign governments. This is because Chinese always think at state-owned banks they deposit have government surety, the thought of foreign governments have similar responsibilities.
Theoretically speaking, even if the foreign bank is not registered companies in Chinese, Chinese can also allow them to join the insurance plan, as FDIC did; or, you can also like Hongkong in the future that foreign banks insurance provided by the government of scheme selection. Hongkong has said, this year began formal implementation of a deposit insurance scheme, foreign banks in some cases can do that.
Some foreign bankers said, the CBRC finally determine and publish the insurance plan details, in branches Chinese requirements will have much impact is still not clear about their willingness to expand retail network in china.
Several deposits of RMB business of foreign banks after the forthcoming month door wide open, before this, the industry watchdog has been stepping up to the foreign capital bank review, and introduced some new provisions. Foreign banks that, these measures have not necessary, some are limiting their ability to expand the business. At present, the control of foreign banks in China to Chinese assets total assets of the banking system 2%.
A US bank in China chief representative said, in Chinese local registered company is a huge project, but,