CASS Institute Yin Jianfeng financial Chinese
At present, there are three basic contradictions China economic, financial operation: the high savings rate, and the contradiction between the relatively low rate of investment banking deposit and loan growth is relatively slow growth speed, the contradiction between exchange rate mechanism reform and the domestic economy, the contradiction of smooth operation of finance. In any of these contradictions are resolved before, people's bank again in "five one" Eve took a simple total policy -- raising the interest rate on loans; and, the market generally rumors of people's Bank of China will also increase in the statutory reserve ratio. According to the change of the past this kind of effect of policy implementation and future economic and financial situation, only and will likely take a total policy has taken the lead to the three basic contradictions worse.
Factors causing the three basic contradictions are both on the total quantity, also has compared the structure, more important, the latter factor.
From the first the basic contradiction, the basic principle of macro economics tells us, the investment rate is lower than the savings rate reflects the economic in the internal state of imbalance. Because since 1990, except for 1993, all the years they encounter this kind of situation, which shows the economic imbalance state formed in the long, the created factors (such as population structure problems, reform problem, the market structure of the income distribution problem etc.) naturally total non monetary policy can change. If you ask how high the rate of investment is not reasonable, a simple answer is: equals savings rate the rate of investment is reasonable. In fact, high rates of investment and the real fear just lies in two aspects: first, the irrational investment structure leading to inefficient investment; second, an external resource constraints lead to resource prices from rising too fast (such as oil and non-ferrous metals), the two problem is not simply the total monetary policy can solve.
The economy is in another expression imbalance is excess capacity, so long had to rely on export. This problem is especially obvious in the process of decline in economic cycle. During the first quarter, despite a rebound in investment driven GDP rebound, but look from three respects, it is difficult to avoid a cyclical downturn: first, the national power generation capacity and freight volume growth continued to decline; second, in addition to the CPI in the housing prices, the price of oil, non-ferrous metal prices and prices, CPI, PPI, and even the growth rate of energy and raw material price index are significantly slowed down; third; although corporate profits in the growth, but the loss amount growth faster, especially in the manufacturing industry of two the amount of investment has always been the highest industry --, chemical materials and chemical products manufacturing industry, ferrous metal smelting and rolling processing industry is more drastic landslide benefit.
Second basic contradiction, at present, in the financial volume, prominent contradictions performance for the long-term sustainability of the banking deposit growth faster than the loan growth, loan to deposit ratio since 1995 has dropped. In a cyclical downturn and foreign exchange pressure, the problem of excess liquidity in the increasingly severe.
Investigation of excess liquidity index in addition to loan to deposit ratio, there is a critical index -- financial institutions hold all central bank liabilities (statutory reserves, excess reserves, the central bank bills) and deposit ratio, because all central bank liabilities held by financial institutions is not into the real economy, and only in the financial sector to play around the "idle money" -- understanding the point of people's Bank of China raised reserve requirements for the effect is extremely important. The first quarter of this year, the proportion is as high as 20.26%; and in 2005, 2004 and the first quarter of 2003, were 18.23%, 15.2% and 9.19%. In other words, in the first quarter of all 30 trillion in deposits, there are 6 Wanyuyi yuan resting on the people's bank balance sheets.
Finally, a basic contradiction is increasingly outstanding. In the domestic economy has excess capacity, financial system has excess liquidity at the same time, the exchange rate mechanism reform further exacerbated the existing contradiction. Come one year, mainly by the short-term funds to promote the foreign exchange reserves growth accelerated obviously with the expected yuan appreciation. The negative effect of the cause for the performance of the monetary base on the pressure rise in the financial level, the central bank issuance volume increased, and bank deposits and poor rise, loan to deposit ratio decrease; while in the real economy level, Waihuizhankuan increase has caused the risk of asset price bubbles of danger, this point is especially reflected in the current real estate market.
In the real estate supply gradually by increasingly stringent macro-control policy suppression at the same time, from the real estate demand, will not be excessive to describe to the "hot".
Of particular concern is that, whether from the commercial housing sales area to see, or from the amount of sales of commercial housing, in the reform of the RMB exchange rate mechanism in 2005 August after the sudden acceleration.
Obviously, no matter what kind of statistical caliber and interpretation are unable to refute this conclusion: in the real estate market was showing the pattern of demand, external capital inflows further exacerbate the contradictions, and risk of real estate price bubbles.
(to be continued)