&amp;nbsp; the newspaper news (reporter Song Kegang) in the Chinese UnionPay a rumor in the sound, inter-bank inquiry fee has become a reality, the standard is more higher than previously expected from all walks of life 0.20 yuan each. Yesterday, the Bank of communications officially announced that, from June 1st onwards, where Pacific card in the territory of cross bank inquiry transaction, charges 0.30 yuan per. The reporters also learned that other bank charges is redoubling its efforts to formulate, implemented a foregone conclusion.
The fees notice the traffic bank China UnionPay said, according to the provisions of the fees to the bank, will be issued series of Pacific card, in the territory of trans system includes automatic teller machine (ATM), automatic deposit machine (CDM), automatic teller machine (CRS), multimedia terminal and other various self-help equipment query transaction handling charge fees, fees outside ATM query transactions (4 yuan each). At the same time, the present transaction fees standard adjustment to take outside on the ATM for each take amount is 1% + 12 yuan, the lowest 15 yuan. The above fees will be in for the query or the cash transaction is completed at the same time, from the Pacific card account real-time deduction.
In this regard, China UnionPay has maintained its consistent evasive attitude. China UnionPay brand Department Mr. Tu said the inter-bank inquiry fee is only the Bank of communications a behavior, then said no received on the issuance of inter-bank inquiry fee to the start of the authorization.
Relevant personage of Agricultural Bank of China and Bank of China have said that the bank inter-bank inquiry fee collection measures are still in discussions. But insiders predicted that before 1 June, several big banks will start charging.
A reluctance to disclose the identity of the banks said that the current fee standards far below the actual cost. He said the bank card query and cash withdrawal transactions for system and network resource usage is basically the same, the only difference in taking existing cash handling costs. From the European and American standard fees, inquiry fee is about to take now charge 60%. At present the domestic bank card interbank check fees are standard for every 2 yuan, if complete with reference to foreign standards costs will be in 1 yuan each. He also said that the competition from the market point of view, other bank charges should not have too big difference and the Bank of communications, and part of the network less bank may even waiving fees.
Bank of communications relevant personage proposal, to reduce unnecessary cardholder spending, hope the cardholder decrease in other bank self-service equipment on the number of queries and use online banking, telephone banking query as possible.
