Lin Haokun directed at the current real estate is fire, the public should be more sensible to re-enter the market prices
Times News (reporter Liu Guhua Zhao Zhaoyi correspondent) just in the past "five one" golden week property prices remain high, yesterday, Guangdong Provincial Department of land and resources director Lin Haokun to attend the activity to speak with justice against the current real estate is fire, this year land supply will be a 12% increase on the previous year, Lin suggested not anxious to buy a house. The public can be after three years when prices tend to be relatively rational reentry city.
Quasi policy limiting the small-sized apartment
Yesterday morning, the Provincial Department of land resources director Lin Haokun rate law enforcement corps captain Li Shi, director of the office of policy Wu Wei Qiang attended the "people's livelihood hotline" radio program, answering calls reflect protect citizens designated to handle the land and mineral resources and the management problems and that field.
For the past "five one" golden week, Guangzhou ten District 7 days of 826 sets of transactions, but many owners to pay 5976 yuan / square meters of residential fold that very difficult. Lin Haokun yesterday refuted directly "to shortage theory", he said, the adequate supply of land, will be 12% more than last year; the real estate construction land is very abundant, the current real estate hot fire. On vacant houses, flats and other issues, Lin said that the government departments concerned have intention to formulate and publish relevant policy to impose restrictions on the small-sized apartment; synthetic tradeoff is expected after 3 years of relative prices will tend to rational, not anxious to buy a house of the people can then be considered.
Landless villagers call advisory hotline
In calls yesterday, the new Mao Cun Zhongshan Henglan Town Mr reflect, the local village committee of the village of 4000 mu of cultivated land for cooperation building, and the village collective economy. Mr. Mak and some villagers living that lost no guarantee, so strongly against.
Lin immediately connected to the bar in the town of Zhongshan city land bureau director of the beam of the telephone. Beam Bureau confirmed that the new Mao Cun Cun Wei changes in the land before has summoned 1203 families in the village opened consultative conference, 1200 households agreed to fifteen decision, only 3 households oppose. And complete the relevant formalities, the village was not illegal.
Lin director explained that, in accordance with China's "land management law", the land of individual contractors contract contract period appropriate adjustment, must be approved by the villagers conference 2/3 2/3 above the villager or more members to agree. Therefore, Lin Haokun director of the requirements of Zhongshan and around the land bureau shall earnestly do a good job of propaganda and publicity related laws and regulations, to avoid more "misunderstanding".
Related news
City demolition households District relocation household housing 40 ~ 140m2
Times News (reporter Tian Guidan) reporter yesterday from Guangzhou Guotufangguan Bureau, Guangzhou will accelerate the construction of city residential buildings for new communities, the provisions from January 1, 2006 onwards, the city infrastructure construction, public construction, the transformation of the housing crisis breaks, the government reserve land projects, and some in the government organizations Chengzhongcun transformation project (hereinafter referred to as the urban construction and renovation projects) involves the relocation of families were eligible, provide new city building demolition resettlement community (hereinafter referred to as the new residential community).
To be relocated to the new residential community family, is in fact an additional compensation, namely the government involved in low-income and dual urban construction and renovation projects in trapped families were taken in accordance with the law, the implementation of the minimum monetary compensation after no economic capacity to purchase ordinary commercial housing situation, the use of the existing housing stock or by the government leading the construction of new community housing, the sale or rental to the families with preferential price.
Apartment layout area of 40 ~ 140m2
Apartment layout design of the new residential community in moderate apartment layout, have independent kitchen and toilet, apartment layout construction area (including the pool area) for 40 ~ 140 square metres.
Housing source mainly has two kinds, one is the government's existing stock of housing, mainly distributed in the four district, Liwan Baiyun, Tianhe and Haizhu; the two is led by the government of construction of new residential communities, the plan this year, in the existing supporting relatively complete Tongde Haizhuqu District Datang srewestfunk garden and the Baiyun District zed garden first organization construction.
Be preferential purchase area residents family (including the pool area) for the construction area per capita 20 ~ 35 square metres, is the preferential purchase units area peasant families (including the pool area) for the construction area 25 ~ 40 square metres per capita.
Total more than family housing area can enjoy the preferential purchase area part of the purchase, according to the average price with the lot of ordinary commercial housing (the average market price determined by the city Guotufangguan Board announced later).
Housing provisions of the profit does not exceed 3%
The new community residential sale price according to the national development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of construction on the economic application of the housing valuation methods to determine, composed of development costs, taxes and profits of not more than 4 items of the development costs and the cost of 3%, the sale price shall be examined and approved by the city price sector; rent standards in accordance with the cost of rent collection when public houses by standard announced Guotufangguan Bureau and the municipal price bureau.
To obtain the property of two years can be sold
According to the regulations, has purchased the new residential community buyers and their spouses may not be to buy affordable housing or apply for homestead housing. In the purchase of real estate of the two years later, in accordance with the purchase of public housing and economic housing application listed the relevant provisions, the new residential community traded. But after the transaction, the original purchase shall not re apply for the purchase or lease of new residential communities.
It is understood, used illegal means to get the new residential community, by the city lives build do not recover the housing information according to the agreed purchase contract