Chinese Unicom (0762.HK) shares yesterday hit a two-year high of HK $7.9
Report from our correspondent (reporter Zhao Jin) in recent days, by the international telecommunications giant quasi invested shares Unicom CDMA network rumors, China Unicom (762 HK) share price soared, yesterday, the stock is in the morning and once ascended 7.5% to HK $7.9, the highest for two years. Although previously, Unicom to outside hearsay also had to deny, but yesterday Chinese Unicom vice president Li Gang said in an interview on the CDMA network, China Unicom has and foreign cooperation plan, a stake in just the ways of cooperation, and the other partner type. However, for foreign investment in C and cooperation on the specific process, which did not reveal.
South Korea and Japan two giants denied rumors shares
It is reported, industry is rife on Unicom's CDMA network interested in Japanese KDDI Telecom, South Korea SK and USA SPRINT. three telecom giants in fact have engaged in CDMA network experience, therefore and Unicom cooperation will have the realistic possibility of the most basic. Three telecom operators in the shares scheme also propose a direct stake in China Unicom parent company owned CDMA network, and the "starting price" is the C network 10% stake.
However, due to the complicated domestic regulations, plus Chinese Unicom itself equity structure is unique, for a direct stake in C is not easy. Therefore, SK of South Korea and Japan KDDI Telecom respectively in the past two days denied the rumour. A senior executive at KDDI group said last week, the company more willing to work with the China Unicom partnership in the field of CDMA roaming and 3G technology and so on, but not the latter for investment. Yesterday, the South Korean SK senior also said, Unicom cooperation and Chinese, such as providing assistance in improving the roaming service and network engineering. However, temporary not plan to take a stake Chinese unicom.
Beauty SPRINT may buy Unicom Hong Kong
Although the two major foreign giants temporarily abandoned the stock ownership plan, but according to legend, the current stock ownership plan the most "reliable", is USA SPRINT. industry analysis and Unicom negotiations for the best, by the relevant provisions of China regulatory limits, foreign telecom operator is still not in the domestic direct ownership stake in SPRINT network, the way of America impossible is the purchase of Hong Kong listed companies shares of China unicom.