Source: Legal Morning Post
Economists endless media language, is always a few words for the treasure, and pursued very hot. But there are many are intentionally or unintentionally "digression". The same channel collective voice, people are in, is a kind of "instinct". Many branches of pooled by the "off topic" is often the key to thick with leaves and deep-rooted trees, or to "married" outshines the thoughts in mind.
Economist Liu Ji in the "elite" magazine Wen said: "strictly scientific investigation economists credibility public object is not Tom,Dick and Harry can." Now that the former economists such a solemn statement, when we come up with these "bits and pieces", since is not off the "cats and dogs" of the suspects, we had to try and solemn, and more serious, Bo Jun list.
Wu Jinglian: reform can not be "ramming paste"
"Wu Lao, listen to Mozart?" "No, only listen to Mozart when I'm angry." Two sessions on the trembling voice: "I ask you that question...... Will you please point out the alliance I and which interest group." At this time, only an estimated Mohs "Requiem" to appease Wu Jinglian that chaotic hearts. When the reporter massive siege questions, he also had to say: "I have this problem wrote a book, can you go and buy a copy of my book to read?" In the face of such a question: "some investors think you make them lose money, how do you see this phenomenon?" He will look beautiful with you say: "O people, I love you, but you can want to alert!" How many expressions, so gorgeous stage, can let Wu Jinglian will get so many economists name with?
Read the text:
In March this year, the CPPCC economic circle group discussions, Wu Jinglian opening "denounce" Lang Xianping, thought reform discussion cannot "ramming paste", which will push up the cusp. Netizens have joined the debate, some people questioned the name of "reform" banner to make mistakes or crime, is also called the reform? In support of this view that Wu, indeed should be carefully discussed, thorough reflection, lessons learned, correction of errors in the reform. For a time the Wu was known as the interest group spokesman hat, this time to capture the helpless expression of the media also hard to fan the flames up.
Background: the confrontation of Wu Jinglian as the first proposed and initiated the theory of market economy, is the "main representative of market oriented reform theory"; one of the pioneers of a comparative study of the economic system of disciplines; released from Chinese brand academy "in April 17th 2006 Chinese personal value of the top 100 brands", Wu Jinglian with 9080000 yuan of personal brand value ranked the top 100 sixty-fourth, winning economist mainland personal brand value the highest title. After several days, known as the Chinese history since the selection of the most widely, relates to the field of the largest selection of activities -- "2005 Best list" announced, Wu Jinglian and Ba Jin tied for selected "2005 Best list". We have no doubt Professor Wu now has a strong appeal, look back at the last year, the "China Youth Daily" Social Survey Center (domestic economist) a survey, after Professor Wu recognition rate also in Lang Xianping, now Yichao Wu Meng attitude superior, whether it represents more people for his great expectations expectations?
Classical records:
The history of Chinese stock market is like the eighteenth Century British stock market, if in no fiduciary duty under the social environment, as close.
The current implementation of extensive growth to intensive growth still did not eliminate institutional obstacles to change, the key transformation growth way is the transformation of government functions. At present, all levels of government still tube many should not pipe and tube is not a good thing, and many should be managed by the government did not manage. (China Europe International Business School "of economic growth and innovation" management forums. )
The netizen comments:
A person at ease: Wu, repent and be saved!
Are tough: Economists is not easy, stand the wrong team is very dangerous, your job is to was out of...... Pity wu.
Only I care about you: Mr. Wu is really a wise man of the Chinese nation, do not suffer interference to drum up support for the reform! Is the wisdom of the people support you, hope the Chinese rich and powerful people support you!
Intro: to believe that Mr. Wu Jinglian is in for the majority of workers welfare! But powerless. We support you!
Lang Xianping: except my mom and I appreciate not many people
Ever victorious general netizen war says, woman in Shanghai "Sambo" one of Lang Xianping! Not langdexuming.
Read the text:
A forum of Cheung Kong Graduate School of business, a professor is about "how Chinese enterprises bigger and stronger", Lang Xianping is talking about "the enterprise can not be bigger and stronger". The host quietly and Lang Xianping discuss, hope he can change a topic, Lang Xianping thoughtlessly flatly refused: "do not change, resolute don't change, to talk about this, or not to participate in the!"
In a speech to an audience, the mobile phone suddenly at the venue was, Lang Xianping immediately to the sardonic: "the audience is certainly not a successful entrepreneur, don't you in life important enough to 24 hours open mobile phone no? It means that you are not a good design their own management framework, can help you share those concerns helper not found, how can this do a business?"
Background: confrontation between 2004 and 2005, a period of Chinese economics an eventful year. From Lang Xianping blasted