Yesterday, the latest research report Research Institute of the Ministry of Commerce depicts two opposite curve: the past 11 years, Chinese trade on the Japanese dependency is a down the line, Japan trade on Chinese dependence is an upward curve.
The report written by Jin Baisong researcher at the Research Institute of the Ministry of Commerce, was involved in the processing of agricultural products to Japan trade friction said, in China market to Japanese economic importance rise at the same time, the Japanese market for Chinese, but a sharp decline in the importance of.
This is the Ministry of Commerce think-tank in recent years on this issue in the most comprehensive a report expression.
Jin Baisong described this trend to statistics.
In 2005, Sino Japanese trade accounts for the proportion in the Chinese trade scale, has been from a high of 24% in 1994 to 13%, Japan as China major trade partners in the drop precedence.
But from the perspective of Japan, and completely presents another scene: Chinese has become Japan's largest trading partner, replace the USA played a key role in Japan's economic recovery.
"China estimated effect on Japan's economic recovery driven by about 1 percentage points." Jin Baisong said. Japan to American exports and trade surplus while also maintaining a huge scale, but in recent years the continuous decline. For Japan, Chinese factors are far more important than America factors.
This and the Japanese well-known research institutions favored comprehensive research ear bank analysis agree without prior without previous consultation. The predicted average annual economic growth of Japan, in 2010 to 1.91%, to Chinese investment and the development of processing trade will make the Japanese economic growth of more than 0.8%.
In 2030, Japan's aging population will reach 33%, after 2010, Japan's economic growth will slow down due to the shortage of labor and. But if you rely on large population China, will be easy to resolve this problem. (source: Beijing news / Author: Liu Yinghua)
The following is the Ministry of Commerce of the original:
Will be the first Sino Japanese political, historical understanding, diplomatic differences extend to the field of economy and trade, the "cool" is the Japanese government. The Japanese government hopes to use the "economic card" shake China's position and proposition on the diplomatic such as opposed to visits to the Yasukuni Shrine etc.. So whether the smooth development of bilateral economic and trade relations are not in the China unilaterally, but depends on japan. Japan as a developed country, not only developed economy, but also in the international diplomatic arena is also very good at the use of the hands of the "economic card". The last of China's economic development level, play economic brand in the international arena strength is insufficient, lack of experience and more. However, with China's economic scale, GDP is among the world's top fourth, foreign trade ranked third in the world, 173 kind of commodity manufacturing ranks first in the world, the contribution to world economic growth after the America, become the second largest power of the world economic growth, with $800000000000 in foreign exchange reserves and so on, prove that the economic and trade development scale and level of our country and 80, 90 times than the great changes. One of the changes is that our government have had many economic cards to play, in the international arena has initially have soft power to exert our influence. How to carry out economic diplomacy, playing the economic card will be has become the new task of China's diplomacy. Now in the days of economic and trade relations processing, if only emphasize the cooperation may, in the face of the Japanese government playing the economic card does not respond, the effect may run counter to one's desire. So that the Japanese government will have no qualms about playing the economic card, restrict the normal development of bilateral economic and trade relations, guiding it towards more in line with the direction of the development of Japan's national interests.
Therefore, I think, in the current process of Sino Japanese economic and trade relations "is not the economic and trade relations between the cold and hot debate issue", but should grasp the essence of the problem, research on how to respond to the Japanese government playing the economic card problem. In 2001 I had the honor to participate directly in the processing of agricultural products trade friction between China and Japan, as an ordinary staff personally experienced the war against Japan economic struggle. One of the deepest feeling is on the daily struggle must be soft and hard, rational section, the initiative when not hesitate. I think, the Japanese government playing the economic card cooling of Sino Japanese economic and trade relations, we should give some return, otherwise, the Japanese government will step by step, continue to make trouble and trouble. Therefore, it is necessary to in-depth analysis of Sino Japanese relations between the two countries in economic and trade cooperation who depends on whom more, and when measures are taken to make cool, Sino Japanese trade relations between the two countries both by the loss of the case, who may have a greater loss of ability, who bear the losses will be stronger.
A, Sino Japanese trade relations between the two countries who rely more on who
First of all, from the analysis of bilateral trade exchanges, in 2005 our country trade with Japan grew about 12%, this is the 11 consecutive year to day trade growth is lower than the average growth level China foreign trade. It is expected to reach $188000000000 in 2005, the Sino Japanese trade import and export amount, less than China's trade scale on the EU and USA, accounts for the proportion in 1994 by the high of 24% to 13%, high point and low level of 11 percentage points, illustrate the close degree of a substantial decline in trade between the two countries. From the analysis of China angle, Japan as a major trading partner Chinese precedence in the fall, the important degree in reducing heat, cooling in the trade, this is an indisputable fact. But the cooling and Sino Japanese political relations cold does not exist obvious causal relationship. In addition, the analysis from the perspective of trade between China and Japan, sustained rapid growth, Japan on Chinese plus Hongkong trade volume has exceeded the size of USA, China has become Japan's largest trading partner, this shows that the two countries trade is still rising.