That fund, at present not own abundant capital force leading the market outlook
Many fund companies said, they recently did not greatly adjust portfolio, but also did not significantly increase positions, at the same time, the size of the fund has changed little
With the recent stock index rose sharply, funds and insurance institutional investors on the market outlook is expected to occur completely changed, their views on the market are from cautious to optimism. Many fund companies said, they recently did not greatly adjust portfolio, but also did not significantly increase positions, at the same time, the size of the fund has changed little.
Wind information data shows, the day before yesterday (8 days), most of the net value of the fund or basically and the market similarity.
Only a short while ago, referring to the index rose from 1000 points to 1200 points, some institutional investors began to become very cautious; until 1300, insurance funds began large-scale redemption fund, stock fund assets have no alternative against one's will also sell holdings.
The results, the expected adjustment disappear in an instant, the Shanghai composite index but quickly jumped to more than 1500 points. Based on past experience, institutional investors on the market and sell the stock gradually cautious process, often appear the corresponding index fell, and this year the market has been significantly changed the traditional pattern.
Insurance funds in the Shanghai Composite Index rose to 1500 points in the process of keeping calm and abandon the traditional band operation of the fund investment philosophy. Many fund companies have said, they are the fund's scale are relatively stable, at present has not felt from the insurance funds and individual investors redemption pressure. But some fund companies said, the reason of the rise in prices has not yet been a massive increase in the fund share is the net value of the fund is too high.
There are smart fund companies trying to attract new capital subscription funds through dividends to reduce the subscription cost way. The day before yesterday, the Milky Way Fund announced the three open-end funds this week will jointly share out bonus.
For the day before yesterday and yesterday's market operations, many fund companies have said, they did not greatly adjust portfolio. Some fund companies said, currently the market is Puzhang, watch out what clue, so by the soldiers did not move.
In fact, the fund did not substantially action, its reason lies in, they believe that the market outlook will have sufficient funds to enter the new funds into the market, will try for the fund Chong canggu.
Hua Baoxing industry dynamic combination of fund manager Shi Wei said, the industry has been based on stock valuation, corporate profits and performance, macro economic trend and the reform and other factors to analysis, judgement, prediction of the market trend, but this year the stock market rose to put aside the logic, at least not become the main contradiction. Economic growth, wealth accumulation, caused by appreciation of RMB currency too enough to become the main contradiction determines market operation.
Cathay Pacific Fund and the fund also hold similar views. Cathay Pacific Fund said, at present, abundant market liquidity currency this year the stock market and fund market to make money effect, but also greatly promote the recovery and rising investor sentiment.
Boshijijin pointed out, in adequate liquidity of the financial system and the market value is still underestimated background, more supply means more chips, while the short-term adjustment can only represent the cheap and structural operation opportunity.