5 - 8 stock market rose momentum rainbow, presumably has ignited many investors and potential investors in the stock market enthusiasm. Financing to restart the "big bad" has hit the real stock market, not only let people "about the new color", but the index tiaokonggaokai, way up, this market also can not intervene?
Can, of course! Then, based on the original daily over a million accounts on, some people will "strive for further improvement". Yesterday, the South Division name investors told me, his brother loans into the city!
Visible, along with the market warming, long speculation "do come back again! This is a dangerous signal or a light of hope?
The author in August 24th last year to accept hexun.com interview, must have in stock speculation, said "the stock market to bull market speculation, to imagine", and said the "four year bear market is the speculation denied too much. So China stock subsequent to development must vigorously develop the risk preference of large fund". However, this refers to the whole market, and refers to individual investment risk preferences, some people playing good short-term, you let the "investment" is tantamount to abandon long short, and some people like band operation, it is difficult to really do a qualified "investors". The maximum profit, is the driving force. They enter the market.
However, such "speculation" does not include loans or borrow money speculation this "system of risk". If you do this generally goes, so people wouldn't deposit, loan for students to be good all day. But we just know, do have spawned a mortgage slave ", and let people real estate heavyweight castigated as" deserved it ". The mortgage on the "housing slave" is called "deserve", perhaps some grievance, because the house is a necessity, the loan is the State encourages the. In the stock market if risks loans, may be the last to be, it is not only "stock slave".
Just imagine, every time a big stock market crisis in the first "jump off building", not all those loans and overdrafts smart people? The first half of last year, this news also repeatedly see City, so rapid oblivion?
The news also reminds me of the two old friends -- two years ago well-known stock analysts. Last May, I issued to call into the city, "beauty", they told me to get out. One hesitates heard my advise, stay down, still busy in the stock market; and another, four years almost lose possessions, but decided to fight in the entertainment circle "dream China" to. Why lose everything, it is said that is because through the old relationship overdraft operation, playing a "quasi futures", finally, the forced liquidation.
From the personal behavior, loans is a dangerous signal, suggests that some head now have a fever in the bull's cry. Step back, who can guarantee that the bull market in stocks you can earn? "Relationship" can guarantee? "Dope" can guarantee? I've talked about a point, namely "stupid investors away from the stock market", the effect is refers through the actual combat, some feel is not suitable for the stocks of the people have the courage to leave the market, or someone will break off when the actual state of poor.
Of course, if there is a positive meaning of loan stock of words, and that is it shows China stock market really let people see the bull market hope, the reform has the effect, the market has changed. Because of this, just let some judgment "Chinese bull just opened the head" of the "smart people" began to make risks, they believe in the truth is, "wealth insurance for"!
But "cautious" as I am, this would also like to add one sentence: "for" true wealth insurance, but the problem is, risks but may not be able to really get rich ah. For example, your stock is wrong, for example, you're out of luck, for instance, the stock rose quickly may big shock, people loan stocks first have to ask yourself, bear?