The problem is, producers and no in the short and medium term do not intend to fully invested, to meet demand, especially from the Chinese and USA demand
Newspaper reporter Tang Jing
Although not yet bring disaster to the world economy, the first round of the twenty-first Century oil shock wave is coming.
The disaster caused more by political factors: Venezuela's oil policy tightening, Iran nuclear issue "minefield" touch, the Russian National Oil Co expansion, USA and Germany's two largest oil consumer pressure of petroleum enterprise profits...... Politicians on this issue in a desperate and helpless. In recent weeks, with oil prices above $70 a barrel mark, domestic gasoline prices America has risen to $3 a gallon, while oil businessman's Bush president began on the oil giants are investigating the possibility of manipulating prices for petroleum based, in the western world, power relationship is clearly being turned upside down.
When the nightmare prophecy
I'm afraid but sooner or later the economy suffer. The rise in oil prices of $10 to world economic growth will be cut 0.5% argument still remain in the prediction stage, but this does not mean that the nightmare will not come true. The world is immersed in the joy of growth, while ignoring such a exists: if the world economy can bear the burden of $70 a barrel to move forward, then prices will not fall. More and more companies start to charge additional fuel costs, the spectre of inflation began circling above the price of gasoline a Lu pan.
To make matters worse, more and more people realize that a new era is coming: oil prices of $100 a barrel. Goldman Sachs analyst Ath Mortimter in 2005 and Brian Singh in March (when oil prices hovering around $47 a barrel near) forecast stunned markets, that sometime in the next one or two years, if any major emergencies, the international oil price will rush to the $105, saying that the price will maintain 5 to 10 years. Although this view last year just to appear is regarded as Arabian Nights, now they have prevailed, and the market's attention.
A new round of price of prophecy is persuasive so amazing, because of its foundation is not popular but lack of evidence on the lack of oil. "Peak oil" School of thought is that the world has been or is about to reach the point of peak oil exploitation, oil production will inevitably begin to reduce. Because no one can to determine exactly how much oil reserves still exist with X ray measurement of the whole earth, "peak oil" theory established in pessimism over how much. The vertical relative with the emotion is, the optimists believe: as long as there is still plenty of oil reserves, improve technology, people can find.
Some anxiety analysts now assume that the bulls are right: there is enough oil on the planet. But technology alone can not solve the problem, at least in the short term so. Barclays Asset Management Co analyst Paul Hosnel said: "peak oil is a pseudo facts, is all about basic theory." The problem is that oil producing countries and no in the short and medium term do not intend to conduct sufficient investment to meet demand, especially from China and the United States needs. Excessive investment in oil the era of big developers to make the enterprise "ten shy", they still choose sitting on cash, or return to shareholders, rather than put money into new oil production and oil refining projects to. Singer and Murti also pointed out, the oil is ultimately a recyclable commodities, the prices will fall. But the two analysts forecast the era of high oil prices will continue until 2009, then will gradually decline until 2014. Now, American gas station have queued up, people chasing the cheapest gasoline.
"Old economy" revenge
History shows that the present situation and the last century 70's is very similar. Goldman Sachs research shows that during the oil producing countries and oil companies, investment, prices tend to spike when investment began to output, the supply of crude oil increased after oil prices began to fall. So, at the end of the 70's along with the increase of investment, oil prices surged, by the age of 80, oil prices fell because of investment led to excess capacity,, this trend continued until the late 90's, cooling the oil fields of investment, and the market will put more money into the "new economy" era of the star body technology. In the past 20 years, the world oil surplus production capacity has been reduced from 15% to 1%, and no signs of stopping. Goldman Sachs analyst Jeffrey Curie said, the next 10 years, the oil industry needs to invest an astonishing 3.5 trillions of dollars to meet demand growth, he said: "we called the 'old economy' revenge."
To say what's the difference between then and now, uncertain factors should now lies in the global oil investment is higher than the former. Independent oil consultant Lowell Fred said: "when the error range is equal to zero, the Murphy's law comes into effect, that any errors that may occur will become a reality." If you go to war with Iran to supply cut of 2500000 barrels of crude oil, "no one will ignore this possibility". Deutsche bank analyst Adam Sieminski said, every day just to reduce 2000000 barrels of crude oil supply is sufficient to push the price to $100. Nariman Beharavesh chief economist at global insight view will go further: "need only occur once geopolitical events, such as the attacks on Iran, the supply of oil will appear shortage, oil prices may even reach $120 a barrel."
This is the 1/4 century petroleum investment insufficient results. Petroleum investment to output interval