One-day rise in the stock G Wanhua 6% background -- Wanhua put warrants margin when up into six
Ping An Securities Jiao Jian
Yesterday the market volume rose, however, more eye-catching products still appear in the warrant market, in the stock G Wanhua up 6% cases, put warrants Wanhua HXP1 but rose 61%, increase after it is once close to 70%, the warrant did so crazy?
From the warrant as a positive stock investment amplifier's point of view, the warrant prices are not a good thing, a worthy investment warrants should be and the price linkage are shares of products. In contrast, yesterday's intraday rise sharply grain YGP1 and CTP1 of raw water two put warrants fully embodies the market Bo silly behavior. And the Chinese HXP1 because of the circulation is less, the massive rise we can think of is entirely speculative capital speculation met results. Yesterday was the fourth day Wanhua HXP1 listing, is usually warrant the creation of disk listed day, due to the presence of yesterday did not actually firms create disc, the market speculation funds can unbridled speculation and don't need to worry about selling the emergence of a large number of. Then we can see that the warrants creation for translational warrants transition speculation, leading products reasonable pricing function is huge. Wanhua HXP1 is still in the depth of price and state, with the emission coming days creating disk, believe that the warrants will embark on rapid value regression way, investors do not blindly chasing high.
A strong rise in market background, if you exclude the Wanhua HXP1 this "demon card", the overall performance of the subscription card is still far stronger than the put warrants. In the G Wuliangye three consecutive trading under the stimulation of YGC1, such as the strong performance, not only for trading, was a record three days a doubling of prices myth. The first JTB1 yesterday also in the stock rise at the same time closed in trading, warrants amplification efficiency of capital advantages have been fully reflected.
From the valuation point of view, the current subscription card overvalued level is still much higher than the put warrants. The average implicit two city subscription card fluctuation rate as high as 113%, which pioneered the implied volatility is highest, JTB1 reached 162.7%, five grain YGC1 implied volatility is the lowest, 68.8%; the average premium of two city of the subscription card rate is 27%, which pioneered the JTB1 premium rate is the highest, reaching 48.8%, five grain YGC1 premium rate the lowest, only 11.3%. That is to say, whether it is from the implied volatility or from the premium rate point of view, although the first five grain YGC1 JTB1 and the recent increase is very impressive, but the first JTB1 valuation levels much higher than our YGC1, and the most investment value of such YGC1 still has two city subscription card in the variety, the future is expected to continue to have a good performance.
Put warrants valuation level of differentiation is very serious, the average implied two city put warrant volatility is 66.2%, the data is even lower than our YGC1 subscription card in the lowest level of valuation. Recognize the implied volatility of more than 100% Vanke HRP1, vanadium steel PGP1 and Wanhua HXP1 three product cards put in, as are wildly overvalued varieties. While the Shanghai field JTP1 and Hualing JTP1 implied volatility and even less than 25%, become undervalued species.
Finally, to remind investors pay attention to is, warrant low valuations do not express warrants can buy. Only in the bearish shares is the future trend of circumstances, investment premium rate and the implied volatility low put warrants; investment premium rate and the implied volatility is low warrants in bullish stocks are the case, is the rational investment behavior.
