10 pm local time 4 points, American Treasury is the main trading partner of foreign exchange policy released a semi annual report, and a currency manipulator list identified in the report. China would be labelled a currency manipulator will once again become the focus of attention of the parties,
Goldman Sachs predicts America Treasury currency manipulator Chinese included in the possibility of up to 50%, and is expected in the next few weeks will be the appreciation of rmb. JP Morgan and UBS (UBS) thinks, USA Treasury will not China listed in China a currency manipulator, but may use a strongly worded urged Chinese accelerate currency appreciation.
After American some members of Congress have proposed a number of proposals, suggestions for its undervalued currency punitive measures. Bush government has repeatedly urged the appreciation of the RMB exchange rate. The Ministry of finance to the White House and American, a sharp appreciation of the yuan will be good for the world.
But USA mainstream economists have a different voice. Stanford University economist Mackinnon, Stiglitz of the Columbia University and Mundell both support China boycott Bush government pressure. Stiglitz last week said again, even if China realized foreign exchange market liberalization, the RMB exchange rate will not necessarily appreciation. He said Chinese capital for foreign investment to alleviate the pressure of the appreciation of the RMB exchange rate.
International Economic Research Institute senior fellow Radi (N IC h Ola s L a RD y) in the acceptance of "first financial (related: financial securities) said daily" interview: "people focus too much on the role of RMB exchange rate in the trade deficit in the. I think that the continued appreciation of the renminbi would not reduce the bilateral trade deficit, trade balance adjustment is lagging behind changes in the exchange rate."
Chinese expert Keidel once worked in the USA Ministry of Finance for three years (AlbertKeidel) that USA position is political in nature. "This is a need for self protection of the government, it is not because of the China modest attitude and blame."
"However, Congress still resent the huge bilateral trade deficit between China and America in the. Chinese last summer said to turn to a more flexible exchange rate system, more exchange rate determined by market supply and demand, but Chinese bank was still fiercely to intervene in the market, investment of about $17000000000 per month to depress the rate of RMB, "Radi said," although Chinese said several times to be determined by the market, but there is no evidence that really in that do. Therefore, some in Congress began appearing protectionist sentiment, the possibility of deterioration in bilateral economic relations cannot be excluded."
(source: Daily of the first finance and economics, the author: Wang Huiqing, Chen Zhigang, slightly abridged Reprint)
