Author: British "Financial Times" Peter &amp;#8226; Ma Shen (Peter Marsh)
Tuesday May 9, 2006
Last year, Nick &amp;#8226; the Ande (Nik Seidenader) had considered among the flock to the firm manufacturing Chinese column. However, as the Ande company's managing director, he eventually rejected the idea. The Ande is a Munich based company, as a test equipment for the production of pharmaceutical industry.
In the thousands of miles away in India, the company's chairman and main shareholder of Esys computer with &amp;#8226; Goel (Vikas Goel), will choose his main factory located in Singapore, the production of desktop computers there is much cheaper than producing in China 40%.
In the two people behind the strategic choice, is a major changes are affecting the global manufacturing industry. Although China's role as the workshop of the world seems unassailable, foreign enterprises began to think more carefully, whether the enterprise in china. More and more people realize that: Although the higher labor costs, more mature industrialized area can still provide a lot of things for the manufacturing enterprises.
The Boston Consulting Group (Boston Consulting Group) manufacturing industry experts Hal &amp;#8226; Sirkin (Hal Sirkin) said: "although China will still be a contender for a variety of manufacturing investment, but honestly, all enterprises are re evaluating their investments in China policy."
China is still on foreign manufacturing enterprises have very strong attraction. It not only provides a more than 1000000000 people, the expansion of the market, and now China has become after the United States and Japan's third biggest manufacturer in the world. Since 1990, China's manufacturing industry has increased by nearly 3 times, 10 times faster than the overall growth rate of the global manufacturing industry.
However, the defects in China run factories, intensifying fears, including the costs continue to rise, and concerns in the protection of commercial secrets.
First, China's labor costs likely to remain low, but this is not always a entrepreneurs are considered the primary factor. For example, for the koel, the impact of this is very small: two times Chinese half hourly labour costs in Singapore, but in the computer production costs in the assembly line, labor costs accounted for less than 2%. At the same time, the wage gap is narrowing, especially the wages of skilled workers.
In American listed Flextronics Corp (Flextronics) chairman Meckel &amp;#8226; Marx (Michael Marks) said: "5 years ago, at a cost of China hired an engineer only American 1/10. Today, the gap is only half." Flextronics is a global electronics industry second major oem.
Other costs also increased, such as freight. Marx said, many enterprises have begun to realize that these problems, though not all companies have admitted the existence of these problems. Marx said: "there is no doubt that the factory enterprises operating in China, elsewhere in the operating costs may be lower."
Another worry, relates to the protection of intellectual property rights in china. Holland electronics company PHILPS (Philips) CEO Kleisterlee (Gerard Kleisterlee) has a special liking for the situation in China, and he said: "I don't want to put a lot of contains patented know-how and manufacturing business in china. I'm worried that technology will leak out."
Japanese watch and precision parts maker CITIZEN (Citizen) has 11000 employees in China, but the chief executive officer of the company (Makoto Umehara) made it clear that these employees are restricted to low skill areas in the production process, the reason is worried about a possible leak trade secrets.
The legal climate in China are fickle, the decentralization of power in many provincial state-owned institutions, they often fight each other, even with a central mechanism for power. Operating in such a political system in enterprise is a headache. America auto parts company, Johnson Controls (Johnson Controls) of Southeast Asia business person in charge Ruan Wenwang (Van Vang Nguyen) said: "in China let the business up and running, to compromise and consultations a lot."
Johnson was willing to operate independently, but with different state-owned enterprises established 5 joint ventures, because government officials that it cannot spread all over China under the agreement. He said that the legal framework in India more attractive.
His comments to help explain why India attention to attract manufacturers, although the inflow of foreign investment is insufficient in China 1/10.
Finally, the major industrialized countries are re discovering where their competitive advantage. Research American Lean Enterprise Research Group (Lean Enterprise Institute, referred to as LEI) CEO James &amp;#8226; Womack (Jim Womack) said, more and more companies products specification changes frequently, to adapt to the change of demand. If factories and consumers are separated too far, it is very difficult to react quickly to such changes.
American electronics manufacturers Hubbell (Hubbell) CEO Tim &amp;#8226; Bowers (Tim Powers) said: "in our products, 40% is customized according to customer requirements...... China is too far away, we can't regard it as their own manufacturing center." Bao products are mainly sold in North America, mostly in American production.
The above-mentioned concerns need to be considered. A lot of Enterprises -- such as computer manufacturers Dell (Dell) and other large enterprises and treasure that smaller companies -- will be more and more to the China etc. low cost country sourcing parts and components, in spite of its assembly process is mainly done in the high cost areas.
At the same time, as far as
