In May 9th, the Shanghai fuel oil futures prices back slightly, with a 0607 margin increases, the main transaction contract has turned to the 0608 contract.
On the same day 0608 of the contract price at 3723 yuan / ton, down 7 yuan a day, turnover of 83586 hand positions, a substantial increase in more than 1 to 48642 hand in hand. Effects of 0607 contracts by spot selling pressure, down 12 yuan / ton, closed at 3638 yuan / ton, continue to reduce the 2896 hand positions. At present, nearly far month contract price has been expanded to 85 yuan / ton, higher than the monthly cost position, the formation of a new non risk arbitrage space.
The price of crude oil fell Chonggao in the "five one" during the long holiday, on the eve of the outer disc trading, the New York Mercantile Exchange crude oil 0606 main contract fell 0.42 U.S. dollars, to close at 69.77 U.S. dollars / barrel, the lowest intraday reached 68.25 U.S. dollars / barrel, the lowest since April 10th. Geopolitics, consumption growth and the depreciation of the dollar to continue to support oil prices.
With oil prices sharply higher, geopolitical factors become the focus of attention of the market. On Monday, Iran's president Ahmadinejad sent a letter to the president American Bush, put forward to solve the rift between the two countries "new scheme", to some extent alleviate tensions, oil prices fell below 70 U. S. dollars / barrel mark quickly. But the fundamental solution of the crisis is far from the market thought simple, Iran still says it will not stop the peaceful development and utilization of nuclear energy, also not afraid from American and Israel and other countries of the attack, worried that the oil market more clearly to.
From the beginning of the end of 5, America will usher in the "once a year driving season", the market also entered the peak gasoline consumption this year, at present the price of gasoline has the equivalent of last year, the highest level during the hurricane. USA gasoline futures contract price on the eve of the 0606 to close at 2.0036 U.S. dollars / gallon, while gasoline retail prices at $2.9 A gallon. Due to the increase in gasoline consumption expenditure, has aroused the dissatisfaction of the people, American government may continue to increase gasoline reserves in May, at the same time to relax restrictions on the use of clean gasoline. In order to cope with the gasoline consumption peak, at present 6 states have to give up American Environmental Protection Agency proposed the implementation of clean fuel rules, to obtain more sources of supply of gasoline.
The continued depreciation of the dollar since April, so that more monetary fund to invest in gold and commodity futures. The dollar index fell to below 85 from 90 above, the cumulative decline of more than 5%, reaching the lowest level since last May 13th. The successive increases in interest rates and failed to curb inflation momentum of the Fed, and the momentum began to spread to other regions. The market spontaneously ascribe to fund intervention gold, crude oil and base metal prices skyrocketing.
The author thinks that, at this stage of the rise in oil prices is inevitable, but the domestic fuel oil giant spot pressure and to a large extent, inhibited the increase in kinetic energy. Singapore fuel oil prices in the "five one" during the long holiday reached 365.7 U.S. dollars / tons of historic highs, but then the continuous arbitrage will be selling prices back to below $350.
On the other hand, with the mass production of Chinese domestic power generation equipment, the power gap in China will this year from last year's reduction of 35000000 kilowatts to 10000000 kilowatts, and are expected to appear in 2007 the electricity supply surplus, which will greatly reduce the demand for fuel oil power plant. Therefore, fuel oil futures prices in the case of high crude oil price is rose with the weak.
