China copper storage events may have the ending, but most of the people told the truth can not be: people still cannot be informed, in copper storage events actually loss geometry (with the anonymity of the market speculated, the actual amount of loss may not be lower than the China Aviation Oil incident to limit losses), who is now conducting futures trading decision who, whether these people have been punished.
Recent media reports, some people in the futures market according to the data analysis, the State Reserve Bureau and a focus on commodities trading hedge fund Ospraie Management bought back to a large number of short positions held. The bureau denied the speculation, said all short positions of its holdings and departure at the end of last year has been fully settled.
The State Bureau of this under the market rumors that the pressure of the position, not a public official statement. Until now, the Bureau and the relevant government departments have never published any formal declaration, people only according to data speculation in the clouds, and the so-called punishment, even if has, is also not be across the empty bird.
After the country's copper storage event occurs, the attitude of the parties concerned more like shuffle. The Commission said, the SFC is only regulated exchanges in the trading, not responsible for the supervision of China Company in the OTC market OTC) overseas trade. And the State Bureau first denied Liu Qibing the man, and then use the auction way in order to reduce the loss of copper. Finally, in January 24th this year, issued "on the further strengthening of the national material reserve system investment management notice", with internal rules and form a closed.
Notice specified prohibited the national material reserve system, all levels of administrative institutions engaged in futures trading, buying and selling stocks, corporate bonds, foreign exchange, all kinds of investment funds and other financial derivatives or financial risk investment and overseas investment. Institutions to invest their own funds, must strictly fulfill the investment examination and approval procedures. A ban on paper but a legal case, which is not conducive to the development of Chinese futures market, but also not conducive to the construction of the government and state-owned enterprise risk control mechanisms.
A more straightforward statement but from seemingly unrelated cbrc. 12 at the end of last year, Chinese CBRC Chairman Liu Mingkang as senior government officials to respond to the country's copper storage events, admitted that "due to the lack of effective control of the market risk, the State Reserve copper incident costly," and remind risk belongs to financial institutions to guard against financial derivatives industry.
In 1997, Zhuzhou Smelter event, three days lost 1.758 billion dollars, the store cotton event 2003 losses of nearly 1000000000 yuan, China Aviation Oil incident loss of $550000000 in 2004...... The responsible person most are not subject to legal regulations sanctions, the store cotton event questioned the responsibility has served as general manager, China Cotton Reserves Corporation Vice President of China Cotton Association office.
The only punishment is the responsible person in the event of China Aviation oil. Make people ashamed, this should not be attributed to the domestic law of strict, and thanks to the strict laws of singapore. The author wrote, "thanks to the Cao incident in Singapore", meaning if it had happened at home, most likely is to settle a matter by leaving it unsettled. This is not unfounded, causing losses to a specific trader hand, the domestic authorities after the incident a year before closing tolerant, leave, is an example, and the majority of the responsibility of the fines paid by the government.
The existence of applicable laws and regulations of doubtful. As early as March 31, 1994, the State Council issued clear requirements of various futures Broker's Firm shall engage in overseas futures business. In 2001 May, the State Council, the SFC production office and other government departments issued a "state-owned enterprises overseas futures hedging business management approach", the ninth stipulation: "to obtain a permit futures business of foreign enterprises to engage in hedging transactions in overseas futures markets only, not for speculative trading;" fifty-first stipulates that: "the persons who are directly responsible for engaging in overseas futures business in violation of regulations shall be given administrative punishment; constitute a crime, shall be investigated for criminal responsibility according to law".
Market a gate open, it Spilled water cannot be gathered up., failure is not effective for swimming experience summary, but a Zhang Yongjiu of water ban, clearly not conducive to market development. But now the publisher who rules ban and saboteur dual identity set in a body, the more embarrassing the government.
Does our law also should go "outsourcing" road? Are we from bitter experience the lessons of history, history is forgotten, and then repeat the same history?
