&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp Sina Corporation (Nasdaq:SINA) announced today that the adjustment of the management team of the company.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp since May 8, 2006, Wang Yan resigned as chief executive, while his company vice chairman, board of directors continue in office. The original company president and chief financial officer Cao Guowei was appointed as the new chief executive and into the board of directors of the company, effective from the date of the resignation of Wang Yan. Cao Guowei will remain as the company president.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp Wang Yan said: "I am proud of myself made in Sina work ten years achievements. At the same time, I also believe that now is the appropriate time I pursue new goals in life, I want to spend more time with your family and personal interests, which I can not be achieved in the daily work of the bear sina. Over the past seven years, Cao Guowei has an important role to the development of sina to. I expect he led Sina after took over as chief executive and succeeded in climbing to new heights."
Sina &amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp chairman Duan Yongji said: "the great contribution I on behalf of the board of directors of the company to make Wang Yan expressed heartfelt thanks. Wang Yan Sina this by him personally involved in creating a web site developed into China's largest Internet portal. Now, he executed the outgoing long position from the chief, but to the board of directors feel gratified is, Wang Yan will continue to serve as vice chairman of sina effect. He will be in the pursuit of personal goals at the same time, play an important guiding role for the future development of the company. Cao Guowei will shoulder heavy responsibilities, but from the outstanding leadership ability and executive ability that he showed in the past seven years look, my confidence in the future of sina."
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp Cao Guowei joined Sina in 1999, vice president, director of finance, later served as chief financial officer and co operating officer, recently was appointed president of the company.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp group control vice president Yu Zhengjun since May 8, 2006 as acting chief financial officer. The board of directors as the search for a new chief financial officer has set up a special committee.
