The October 19, 1987 stock market crash is a complete global events. On the same day, the Hang Seng Index Carnage (420 point decline reached 11.3%), creating the biggest one-day points fall. Many of the stock index futures investors have no margin, produce the breach.
Business failure
The deterioration of the situation so that the Hongkong stock exchange in the rest of the week have been closed. The Hongkong stock exchange closed after second days, the futures market is closed. Close the exchange proved to be a failure. When the Hongkong stock exchange in second weeks on Monday (October 26th) to restore the opening price, market plummeted again 33%.
A large number of default multi cause Hongkong to exchange the almost bankrupt, and finally by the Hong Kong authorities led by banks, Broker's Firm, and government funds to provide standby loan of HK $4000000000, to enable the market to survive.
In the same crash, USA Chicago commodities futures exchange CME fear no danger to weather the storm, and the Hongkong futures exchange but there are serious than any other market consequences. This is mainly because the Hongkong futures exchange, financial security mechanism exists great defects.
On the basis of one-sided viewpoint
Hongkong futures market by the futures exchange, the London International Commodity clearing the Limited Hong Kong Company and the Hongkong futures company limited by guarantee composed. The exchange is responsible for membership, the implementation of the minimum standard of market supervision and regulation of customer deposits; clearing is responsible for the daily profit and loss calculation; Surety Company responsible for making the decision whether to increase the margin of the clearing members, and specify the settlement bank undertake settlement risk. But because of the three institutions are of independent interest subject, position and responsibility in the process of dealing with risks blurred.
Since then the Hongkong futures exchange share-holding system, gain income through fees, membership fees and deposit interest, therefore it is concerned with the trading volume size, the number of charges, and brokers default or breach is not directly related to the customer, so the exchange has no power every direct detection of financial integrity and stability of the market. Clearing and settlement of exchange is only, but did not make clear the clearing as a transaction third party intervention in the transaction, namely the buyer by the seller, the seller to the buyer, not to take risks in finance.
The futures Surety Company undertake settlement risk responsibility, but there is no direct link and clearing house, is not at all clear that the market risk. Can imagine, so on the basis of one-sided viewpoint, fundamentally separate margin, daily settlement and risk control relationship, weakened the position of settlement mechanism as the risk control center, at the risk of accumulation, the market loses the safeguard, crisis.
The confusion of the organization
According to the Davidson report, Hongkong stock index futures market financial integrity of the major drawbacks are: (1) all of the trading members are clearing member of the exchange clearing house, as the central sponsor, Guarantee Corporation exposed directly to the market as a whole; (2) many brokerage business without to customers quickly and strictly margin; (3) the broker without the risk they are taking enough capital support; (4) many customers risk on the futures market awareness is not enough, there is no risk control consciousness; (5) concentration of risk, a lot of Ji business and their customers are the long positions; (6) the lack of market supervision and risk control.
Comparison of the then Chicago commodity exchange and Hongkong futures exchange financial security mechanism, the difference is that the former uses a clearing member system, the latter did not use the clearing member system. Because the CME clearing members are the basic financial resources abundant, reputation good investment bank, ensure them even if the excessive loss, also will supply, avoid defaults. And the Hongkong futures exchange all the trading members are clearing members, led to many small companies lack the financial resources and have default, finally bring exchange. So the clearing member system is the basic organization of financial futures exchange against market systemic risk guarantee.
