The company is currently implementing the great adjustment of industrial structure, and gradually withdraw from the textile service industries, vigorously develop new chemical materials industry, formed a chemical, new material industry, real estate property industrial pattern of secondary industry, with a period (a total investment of 2400000000 yuan) PTA project put into operation, marking the company main business has been successfully realized the strategic shift to the petrochemical industry. At the same time, the 1000000000 yuan investment in the real estate business to enter the harvest period. From the stock performance of the market situation, before some large funds to intervene, band operation strong running clear traces, shares resume trading (completed the reform of prices for each 10 shares earned 18.75 shares), began Tianquan, then into a strong sideways pattern. Recently, in the market continue to strengthen the atmosphere contrast, its stock price Jisheng quantity and price, the completion of the sideways pattern breakthrough, having to see the high line. The holders of stock investors can refer to the actual costs and pressure on the file position, attention, do a rolling operation preparation. If you want to know when to leave? When to intervene? Suggestions for operation and operation reference price please call: 021-51575678 800-820-2004 consulting.
Want to know the next hot spot? Can call the hotline: 021-51575678, 800-820-2004 and Yu Haihua teacher, teacher Pan Minli free direct communication.
Shanghai Yibang Cci Capital Ltd (securities investment advisory business qualification certificate number: 0144) is committed to providing professional service, not promised investors access to income, nor with the investors agreed to share the investment income or share investment losses, the market risk, the investment need to be cautious.
Author statement: in the scope of this mechanism, I informed, interested persons this body, I as well as the property of no interest relationship with the content of the article. This version of the article is purely personal point of view, for reference only, should assume. Accordingly the reader into the market, your own risk.