The futures market has become the financial policy change wind vane
Monetary and other macroeconomic policies are delay period of 4 - 6 months, while the futures market just can offset this lag
Reporter Song Weiping from Shanghai
Mr. Qian is iron stock, and now he has to his computer installed on the futures market software. He says, "yesterday's futures market may be the stock market today guide. Such as copper, sugar, and the linkage of the stock market of non-ferrous metal plates, sugar plate brilliant, do not care about no."
The futures market not only provides the necessary price guidance for the investors in the stock market, and monetary policy from the central bank point of view, the futures market provides a price signal sensitive for its decision, the bulk of production data of commodity futures price information to its discovery become heavy reference index to judge the inflation.
A few days ago, last month the people interviewed by reporters said the analysis, such as the most active, copper and other varieties of trading the largest number of open contracts are generally 4 - 6 months forward contracts, there is a lag effect of macroeconomic policies including the central bank's monetary policy, namely, from formulation to implementation and results achieved it usually takes at least 4-6 months. The futures market can just reflected in advance 4 to 6 months after the production data of bulk commodity prices, thus providing a price reference signal can be a rational expectations for inflation or deflation for the central bank and other economic macro-control departments, contribute to the timely introduction of monetary policy, maintain the stable development of economy, appear to prevent the ups and downs of the phenomenon.
In fact, the international experience has proved this point: the first major oil demand for the country's central bank, the Fed must study compared the New York Mercantile Exchange crude oil futures prices, the first large gum country central banks, acquisition and analysis of Tokyo and Shanghai natural rubber futures price changes to the Central Bank of Thailand.
China's futures market development has 16 years, experienced numerous ups and downs. From the exchange level, after the reorganization and merger, to the current 3 from its peak of more than 40, the futures Broker's Firm from more than 300 to the current 184 contraction. From the trading varieties, oil and treasury bonds, japonica rice varieties have led to the suspension of listing of active market. In the meantime, the enthusiasm of investors but also from peak to trough.
Now, with the new varieties of the continuous introduction of the related risk warning mechanism, legal mechanism is perfect, the futures market re warmer. Figures can explain everything: the National Futures market turnover of 160000000 yuan from 2000 to 1995, 10 trillion yuan of the then rebounded in 2005 to 1340000000 yuan.
China Futures Industry Association latest statistics show that in 2006 April, the National Futures market transactions active, a total turnover of 33724848 hand of futures contracts, transactions amounted to 1733051000000 yuan, year-on-year growth of 29.61% and 50.05%. 1-4 month, the national accumulated futures market turnover is 133945370 and 5918287000000 yuan, year-on-year growth of 34.65% and 46.85%.
Shanghai interim manager of Department of energy futures brokerage Co., Ltd. Wu Jun told reporters that the volume of transactions increases in addition to closely related with the commodity price rise itself, but also by the strong support of new varieties, such as fuel oil, sugar and so on, hedging, risk hedging, and even speculation and other aspects of demand, more and more investors to participate in the to the market to.
