This year "five one" long, complaints hotline 12315 consumer complaints were handled report 504, among them "won" the list of complaints about communication first product complaints over the same period last year increased by 1.2 times.
Many consumers have had the experience: on weekdays only maintenance day communications products, to the holidays, but long repair failed; some claim that year-round service hotline, festivals or busy tone unceasingly, either long or no response, Suo Xingcheng voice message, simply can not solve the problem in time. For these phenomena, the relevant enterprises to explain, after-sales service staff also need a vacation, hope consumer can "Empathy", considerate after-sales service personnel difficulties, let the after-sales service is also slightly put out false.
This explanation does not seem to hold. On the one hand, consumers will buy the product itself is not only, also including the maintenance, maintenance, consulting and other after-sales service. Moreover, many enterprises will be "on call 24 hours a day, all year round" of the after-sales service commitment as a selling point, and as the carrier to elevate their own products worth of similar products in the. So, the enterprise should abide by its commitments, whether in the daily working days or holidays, provide consistent quality after-sales service for consumers.
On the other hand, the holiday is always the consumer report, consulting peak, this business can expect, and thus more necessary to do a good after-sales service ready. In recent years, complaints hot during the festival presents are not first, but because the relevant enterprises indifference, makes the problem more and more serious, and repeat offenders repeated exposure. For example, during the festival the Internet surge in the number of Internet access, resulting in the failure of long-standing problem, Internet service providers, but did not make effective hardware security. Coupled with the shortage of after-sales service, consumers complain. In this case, the enterprise "snub" after-sales service is not a matter of integrity, but ignore the rights and interests of consumers behavior.
Must see, after sale service to consumers, is the enterprise in the sale of products after the fault occurred, to provide remedial measures. The enterprise itself, but also is an important means for enterprises to restore the reputation of their products and corporate image. When the market competition from rising product quality competition to a higher level of quality of service competition, enterprises want to win the market, to win consumers, the after sale service "holiday" disease may also be completely radical.
Chong Ren