The newspaper news (Ren Chong) will follow: recall of defective food production enterprise if found food or possibly existing health and safety hidden trouble, or do not comply with the relevant food hygiene regulations and standards, the responsibility to these defects food held back from the market and consumers; if the enterprise can not take the initiative to recall the supervision department may, in accordance with the relevant provisions, the enterprise shall be ordered deadline recall. Municipal Food and drug supervision and Management Bureau said yesterday, the city of the relevant administrative provisions of the draft the defective food recall system has been basically completed, after further revision and improvement, is expected to be formally announced next month.
It is reported that began earlier and more perfect product recall system in developed countries, the recall system has become an important means of the management of product quality. But in our country, product recall system started late, the relevant legal system is not perfect. For example, in the existing related to the quality of food regulations, the lack of specific provisions of the relevant provisions of expression of recall; food recall is too general, lack of detailed rules for the implementation of the regulation, the existence of blind spots; has implemented the type and scope of the food recall is very limited, there is no complete security mechanism. Therefore, in the past the food safety crisis, conscious behavior of recall depends mainly on the enterprise, once refused to recall of the enterprise, the relevant departments because of the lack of supervision on the basis, it is difficult to make the disposal.
In the modification and perfection of the "Shanghai city of defective food recall management regulations" (draft provisional name), is aimed at the city of food recall in the blank field, in order to provide legal guarantee for the defective food recall system implementation of the city. It is understood that the management regulations are applicable to all the food circulation within the city, including the flow to the city market or have to various food consumer sales. The so-called food refers to the presence of defects, or there may be health and safety hazards, or does not comply with the relevant food hygiene regulations and standards of food.
According to reports, is making management regulations will be based on the existing defects of food health hazard degree is divided into a plurality of recall levels, different regulations in the recall period.
Experts said, for there is evidence of defective food after eating may cause serious health damage and even death consequences, is expected to the recall period as specified in 72 hours, and the relevant departments to recall implementation process of dynamic monitoring, and supervision in the destruction of the recalled product situation. In addition, new regulations will clear the different legal liability of corporate and regulatory departments.
