Yesterday in the Ministry of labour and Social Security announced the Sixth Batch of 14 new occupation information, credit management division sounds most tempting. So, what is the credit management division of the main job function? The employment threshold is high? Development prospects how?
The so-called credit management refers to the use of the professional knowledge of modern credit economy, credit management and its related disciplines, follow the basic principles of market economy, the use of credit management techniques and methods, to engage in business and consumer credit risk management professionals. Credit management division specifically engaged in what work? A credit manager enterprises to reporters specifically introduced his daily work. "As a corporate credit manager, whose main responsibility is to ensure the safety of credit transaction completed. The requirements of modern enterprises to credit management is to maximize the enterprise in sales at the same time, the credit risk to a minimum. The completion of this goal needs to do many works, including customer information collection, scientific credit risk, control and transfer, should be recycled, accounts receivable overdue receivables collection and use of commercial credit information database market and other work."
From the salary situation, in an enterprise, credit manager on the surface is the middle-level managers, but because he wanted to coordinate the work of financial, market and other related departments, in fact, are generally vice president concurrently. Compensation according to the total compensation of each enterprise and decide, but it certainly is a point, the occupation of the employees need to finance, marketing, legal, business management, statistics and other multi-disciplinary knowledge, management belongs to the high knowledge, high technology, so the pay is relatively high.
When it comes to practitioners feel, the credit manager deep told reporters: "the perfect combination of the occupation need to be bold and cautious." Credit management division of the work involved in corporate management and policy, the occupation requirements should not only have the management ability, commanding, at the same time, each of the work also require a nuanced, not a bit rash. For example, customer credit information collection, including the customer of the past transactions have no bad record, there is no default phenomenon, if the breach of contract, a further analysis is subjective reasons or objective reasons; details can not be ignored, such as customer office environment, even if the formal office paper, these only in credit evaluation the weights of different.
At present, China has more than 2 enterprises start to establish credit management system and credit management professional training, professional institution engaged in credit management products and services for about 5000; but in the developed countries, the establishment of credit management department or full-time staff of enterprises reached above 80%. In the future, with the development of China's social credit management system and the establishment of credit management services, a new credit management of professional and technical teams are generated and the rapid growth is expected, after 5 years, China will have hundreds of thousands or even hundreds of millions of people go in credit management posts.
Newspaper reporter Li Lei
