In accordance with the international standard of minimum wage is the social average monthly wage of 40% ~ 60%, Guangzhou 684 yuan / month minimum wage standard and no standard. Reporters from the Guangzhou municipal labor and social security department was informed that, at present Guangzhou has began to raise the minimum wage standards, the relevant opinions are being solicited in. Under the previous Guangdong Province to determine the classification goal this year to adjust the minimum wage standard reports, Guangzhou is a kind of standard from Guangdong Province may perform the previous 684 yuan / month to 800 yuan / month.
Most of the minimum wage enterprise 700
Reporter found yesterday on the wages of each industry of Guangzhou city to understand, labour intensive services oriented processing and manufacturing, etc. all belong to low wage industries, but their minimum wage is 700 yuan or more. Especially in the experienced the year before recruitment difficult, this year's wages compared with last year, an increase of nearly two into. Based on the end of last year to 245 labor-intensive enterprises 200000 staff survey, they pay for a median of 943 yuan, and after the Spring Festival this year, job fairs, labor-intensive enterprises pay out most also is in 900 yuan to 1200 yuan.
The average wage in society is a fuzzy concept
"As the social average wage is one important basis to judge whether the minimum wage standards, in fact is only a vague concept." Guangzhou City Labor and social insurance bureau concerned personnel expresses when accepting a reporter to interview, in accordance with the advice of the Bureau and the Guangzhou Municipal Bureau of statistics released earlier, the 2005 year of the municipal and district (excluding Panyu District, Huadu District) worker year of average wage of 33839 yuan, the monthly average wage of workers 2820 yuan, if calculated in accordance with this number, the minimum wage should be set at 1128 yuan to 1368 yuan between is more reasonable. The responsible person told reporters that the average social wage current statistical sense of the whole society and the average wage is not the true sense, but the average wage for urban workers, mainly to the city state-owned enterprise acquisition, and there is not scientific in spot checks of the local statistical sample, and migrant workers in real wages and a lot of social the average wage gap very far, but they are also from the number of people accounted for a large proportion of.
Raise the standard of little impact on business
In December 1, 2004, Guangzhou will be the minimum wage from 510 yuan / month to 684 yuan / month ago, once was a heated the Quartet, a handful of labor-intensive enterprises to raise the minimum wage has expressed clear opposition.
But from the development situation of these two years, enterprises under the pressure of survival has consciously increased wages, so the minimum wage increase has little effect on them, and individual labor intensive enterprises choose to migrate, but is in line with the Guangzhou industrial structure adjustment direction.
Judging from the current situation, the Guangzhou labor-intensive enterprises front-line workers basic salary is in 800 yuan of above, the food service industry employees wages in 700 yuan to 800 yuan, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, so as to take after the adjustment of the standards for a class, the minimum wage standard increased to 800 yuan, although it will bring certain influence in individual industries and enterprises, the number of enterprises and workers, but affected will be minimal.
