Yesterday, the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock markets in Shanghai and Shenzhen composite index continued to rise, closing rose 2.3% and 2.8%, the newspaper closes at 1532.75 points and 376.95 points; two cities a total turnover of 59200000000 yuan, the turnover of only appeared in the "5 - 19 market" and "6 - 24" the quotation. The two cities a total of 100 stock trading.
Analysts pointed out that the stock market outlook will inertia Chonggao, but risk control should be put on the agenda.
Volume can continue to enlarge is the key
As the market continued to rise sharply, pupil differences are significantly increased, in the stock index failed to explode the volume of cases, the market has hit a staggering amount of days. Yesterday the two cities turnover history is very rare, only in the "5 - 19" market and the "6. 24" market appeared in two.
Experience tells us that the volume and price respect, but not necessarily and volume. Therefore, the market may still red inertia, but the adjustment is not far away, unless there is a greater amount of days, so investors can not be too excited. In the stock market characteristics, the general market hit new high shrinkage increases history exists as possible, while the top of locked plate layer upon layer when there is no such a possibility, the stock price will be going up, were up more, and therefore can not be mechanically when the two thousand points above the "Yin up" "experience".
The volume of research and its essence represents the people of the degree of divergence, volume explosion put indicates that the bears and bulls also increased, consistent increases in need of greater volume to eliminate the differences. The prices go up to now this kind of situation, the future how far you can go depends entirely on the turnover of continuous discharging capacity.
Two methods of monitoring the market trend
Because super heavyweights Sinopec has also not the share reform, so the index file space affected by the larger, Sinopec's share reform program of good and bad to be not at all surprising impact index around 50. But even if the index continued to rise, a shares of the "two eight" phenomenon is very likely to again, so the point of investor shareholding financing has been do not have much meaning.
Yesterday many equity to rise well, but the last half hour is not up, why? The index stocks suddenly rise, people instinctively shrink. Obviously, and most of the stock index stock has produced a seesaw effect, if the stock position is too high, once the profit plate loosening, will likely out of control. Now the stock market this no less than "5 - 19" the market late, but blind test the top also has a risk, the most simple method for monitoring the market there are two: one is the stock index yin-yang large appear alternately; two is the short-term moving average Sicha system appear, such as line 5 and line 10 Sicha; but stock only do most good strong stocks.
Not to pay no heed to the bad
Familiar with the stock market's friends all know, policy flexibility in Shanghai and Shenzhen stock market quite sufficient, often following markets. When the rotary match listed say two years, but the market has a good early on, anyway, to the satisfaction of all, no damage, but the credit question, nobody seems to care.
Therefore, as can be expected, with the index rose, some "test market affordability" before, Gu Jiya has not put a message or policy will be launched to step up, and once down, will be out of hand. Therefore, let us wait and see, the fact will prove.
Another feature of the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock market, namely the relevant aspects are often overestimated the market capacity, even in a bear market and bull market. When the reduction of state-owned shares is a product of this closet.
Fortunately, IPO, additional, new and old is off policy has been dead, so not to worry about this turn of events, but these policies to speed up the pace of operations is inevitable, and is proportional to the stock index rose as.
The recent news actually had a lot of bad issued, but the stock is still strong, it will inevitably cause the inertia of thinking and emotional paralysis, investors can not prevent. Once again bad, investors should be the reduction of some types of theme stocks, the market then bad speculation as good is still possible, but difficult to sustain.
