&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp "the mainland real estate prices and Hongkong's real estate prices do have a big gap, very attractive to people hope that the home. But, I don't think Hongkong investors are the main force of the Pearl River Delta have pushed prices higher." Hongkong financial famous show host was Sir (Ceng Zhiying) before an interview with our reporter made the above remarks.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp it is reported, because once the Sir investment in Hongkong financial circles has the fame, he established "had Sir fans club" attracted tens of thousands of investors including Hongkong, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and other regions to become a member of guangdong. In recent months the mainland, especially the Pearl River Delta area real estate market unusually hot, he also repeatedly members of the organization for the inspection of Shenzhen and Guangzhou real estate market.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp "the mainland two macro-control of the real estate market, to some extent also arrested people go home to buy residential impulse." Once Sir said, "in the past, people in the mainland to buy a house is mainly for the holiday, not much to investment value for. But people are now more like to invest in the mainland shops."
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp has "shops doctor" known as Hongkong chuangji (Planning) Group Limited company general manager Shen Yongnian also believe that macro-control will affect the people of Hong Kong to the mainland to buy residential investment confidence, "but instead will increase their investment shops interest." Shen Yongnian said, the regulation is directed at the domestic residential market but not the shops. At present, the "Hongkong residential and commercial price ratio is about 1:50, while Shenzhen is only 1:5.5, so I think the mainland shops investment is still great potential."
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp Shen Yongnian said, the Hongkong stock market in recent months significantly stronger let people have "money" investment in the mainland real estate. "This year, Hong Kong stocks BBK, HSI cumulative up thousands of points, many Hongkong investors have made a lot of money. Get the money to stock up high is obviously not rational. Investment in Hongkong property market is not suitable, because the current Hongkong property prices have returned to 1997 highs." According to his analysis, Hongkong on the one hand, and Guangzhou, Shenzhen in the cultural, life atmosphere is very close to Shenzhen and Guangzhou; on the other hand, in recent years, there are a lot of infrastructure projects in the rapid construction, let people have the experience to see the investment opportunities, "before, Hongkong people have built subway, light rail and other infrastructure from the surrounding real estate project bring benefit, the accumulation of this investment experience. Now, the two city also is in intensify infrastructure, and the Western Corridor concept support, more confidence the mainland people to."
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp "I don't think it was the people of Hong Kong home make the mainland housing prices rose." Shen Yongnian said, the people of Hong Kong in the mainland to buy residential and small amount of money. "I think, the Shenzhen housing prices is reasonable, because the people of Hong Kong after all to work here live a lot, can support the price. But the other to mainland residents mainly Guangzhou city property prices have to follow the trend of the suspect, because these residents to buy a house is in order to improve the living environment, not for investment, but the income level of mainland residents can not afford such high prices."
SIR &amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp has said, "the recent Shenzhen and Guangzhou prices rise too quickly, it is not rational." He said, Hongkong property market in 1997 before the bubble burst, the people of Hong Kong had once crazy property, "then as long as the projects launched, no matter is the boss of the company, white-collar workers, or lady, arbor, such queuing panic buying, prices also therefore never seem to have peaked signs, remarkable degree of madness." After the bubble burst, many people became be worthy of the name "negative Weng", because of negative equity is not owing on the loan bank repossession meet the eye everywhere. "Now in the mainland market is the emergence of a crazy situation similar to Hongkong at that time, so the central government at this time of the introduction of the two macro-control some tough measures to prevent risk is very necessary!"
