The company as the beer production industry of national agricultural industrialization leading enterprises, to enjoy the preferential policies of the state in loans, tax and other aspects, the "Lhasa" beer has a quite outstanding brand and monopoly advantage in Tibet area. More attract sb.'s attention is the company with the global beer industry ranked fifth Carlsberg and the Danish foundation for the industrialization of developing countries cooperation, jointly established Tibet Lhasa Beer Co., Ltd., Tibet has become the largest Sino foreign joint venture enterprises (companies enjoy a 50% interest in the joint venture), the new 100000 tons of beer production line will reach 150000 tons of revenue and profit capacity is expected to increase for the company's beer production capacity, so the development condition of the company is good. From the stock market trend in the situation: the big money involved, band operation of obvious signs, as the company's share reform has not yet been carried out, is a concept with the varieties of reform. With the recent market continued to go strong, its share price to start strong, a few days ago Jisheng quantity and price, the implementation of the technical breakthrough, having a larger opportunity. The holders of stock investors can refer to the actual costs and pressure on the file position, pay attention, do a rolling operation preparation. If you want to know when to leave? When to intervene? Suggestions for operation and operation reference price please call: 021-51575678 800-820-2004 consulting.
Want to know the next hot spot? Can call the hotline: 021-51575678, 800-820-2004 and Yu Haihua teacher, teacher Pan Minli free direct communication.
Shanghai Yibang Cci Capital Ltd (securities investment advisory business qualification certificate number: 0144) is committed to providing professional service, not promised investors access to income, nor with the investors agreed to share the investment income or share investment losses, the market risk, the investment need to be cautious.
Author statement: in the scope of this mechanism, I informed, interested persons this body, I as well as the property of no interest relationship with the content of the article. This version of the article is purely personal point of view, for reference only, should assume. Accordingly the reader into the market, your own risk.