&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp self central bank recently decided to financial institutions a one-year benchmark lending interest rates 0.27 percentage points, the upregulation of Hushang major banks in different degree of lending rates, meanwhile the provident fund loan interest rates also made corresponding adjustment. However, the short-term impact of the move to the Shanghai property market is not prominent, the people are concerned about the subsequent will have more stringent policies.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp is a developer that, due to their company and bank loan agreement is signed one year, the current implementation of the loan interest rate at the beginning of the year has been determined, so that the interest rate adjustment has what influence to the rest of the year for more than 6 months will not, but next year will be reflected, increased financial costs are positive. Now the main worry is the subsequent will have more stringent policies.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp Haitong Securities real estate analyst Zhang Luan agrees. She said, because the prices in recent years has been on an upward trend, or have more than 0.27%, so the developers, the influence of substantial high interest rate is not obvious. "But if prices continue to 'stride forward singing militant songs', does not rule out the possibility of further interest rate hikes."
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp with the benchmark lending interest rates rise, housing mortgage interest rates also rose. Recently the Ministry of Construction issued a notice, from May 8th onwards, the upward grade individual housing provident fund loan interest rates 0.18 percentage points, that is 5 years (including) the following loans from the current 3.96% annual interest rate adjusted to 4.14%; 5 years or more loans from the current 4.41% annual interest rate adjustment of 4.59%.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp however, Zhang Luan believed, for home-based property buyers, this part of the increased pressure owing on the loan is still within the range of acceptable. With 400000 yuan of commercial loans, the interest of more than 20 years of interest 13249 yuan, an average of more than 60 yuan per month to. In contrast, the provident fund loans increased in Shengxi payments less, also to 400000 yuan loan for 20 years, the monthly increase of more than 38 yuan only. Moreover, this part of the demand to supply the demand, interest rate increases the sensitivity is not high.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp compared to home-based property buyers, who are using bank loans real speculators are repelled is more evident: one is the interest expenses rise increase hold property costs; secondly, because the real estate market to a buyer's market, the realization of the difficulty is also a corresponding increase in.
&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp and the two group is different, in recent years in the domestic real estate market wantonly "enclosure" overseas funds will further accelerate the pace of expansion. A personage inside course of study points out, these foreign institutions in the interest rate, is determined to their expectations of yuan appreciation, you can expect more such funds into the property market in Chinese.