　　Reporter Bian Changyong from Beijing
Talk about the topic of the ColinB.Carter board of directors, off the reel, as Boston Consulting corporate governance issues of senior experts, ColinB.Carter will serve as a "savior" role in the save a lot of the board of directors of the company's activities, he also wrote a book called "the function and efficiency of the board of directors of the board of directors of the company: how to design" book in the complex environment.
This can be a person of authority is "feel not very competent director", "this work for me is also very challenging".
A few foreign listing Corporation independent directors he, and his busy work, apparently, several different business for several listing Corporation lack the enough understanding and the energy to cope with.
In fact, a lot of independent directors in the face of this embarrassment, this embarrassing even to harm a lot of the board of directors of listing Corporation performance point.
Independent directors more amateur
"Ten years ago the board is regarded as the royal family, no one dared to question their work." Colin B.Carter on the "first financial (related: financial securities) daily" said. But five years after this all changed, Enron, WorldCom, Parmalat scandal and other enterprises or collapse, its board of directors is refers to the misconduct, incompetence even violate the law, "the core content of the concept of independent" came to be seen as good corporate governance.
In recent years, we see in the world of the new regulations is almost around the core board must be independent of management and major shareholders and design, "independent directors are required to define more strict", overseas typical experience even: independent directors in the board of directors (Executive Director) must be accounted for most; the independent director shall, not a chief executive, control the nomination of directors and shareholders to recommend to other procedures.
In Chinese independent directors to strengthen the independence of the voice is also constantly, see this point through the call can be all kinds of insulting Chinese independent director on the board of directors: human, vase, honorary director, board of directors, the puppet confused.
The board of directors of "independence" as a corporate governance problems of "good medicine" has been exaggerated. Indeed, independence is important, but ColinB.Carter believes that excessive emphasis on independence harmful. "We in the promotion of the independence of the board of directors on Is it right? Went too far, new laws and regulations while the intention is very good, but it is unlikely to improve the functioning of the board of directors."
In too much emphasis on the independence of at the same time, "the independent director to the company limited knowledge and may not be able to effectively perform their duties", Colin B.Carter said to the reporter, they seldom or never worked in business enterprise, never give a consultant, is not the enterprise customer. "In the domestic university professor, most likely to be invited to serve as independent director", the Boston Consulting Company Beijing office vice president and director of the Royal said. The primary problem although strengthen independence is still Chinese listing Corporation independent directors play a role, even if they are independent, but these people if not complicated enough to understand the business of the company, if not put aside enough time for teaching and scientific research of tension, they can have much effect?
"Most of the independent directors are working part-time, most of which have no enough time to do this thing," ColinB.Carter said to the reporter. According to the Boston survey, they spend only 120~150 hours on the board of directors of the time, "8~10 times a year, the board of directors, the board of directors of time every day", because the board of directors working pressure is more and more big, the latest survey shows their work time will be 200 hours.
If working 60 hours a week (this is a reasonable assumption for the busy senior management time), the 200 hours per year is equivalent to work for 3 weeks. "These directors to every 3 weeks' supervision 'a control with hundreds of millions of assets and management have tens of thousands of employees in a global business?"
　　Process reengineering
"If you ask the enterprise management personnel of any place in the world, whether in the directors take work seriously, most would say 'yes', but to ask whether they have enough knowledge of business and management quality, the answer is' no' is often." Colin B.Carter said to the reporter.
The only way to really improve the company's board of directors is the performance of the fundamental starting point from the re design of the board of directors, so that Colin B.Carter, a practicable board design framework will clear the board of directors and its design hope's role and the unique enterprise competition situation and performance combination.
Colin B.Carter thinks that the four key elements: first, the board design clear role. As the board of directors of the designer, you need to think about how to determine a board of directors and supervision of their own enterprises to match the role, is also in line with the directors skill and time role? The board of directors of the enterprise to the expectations and needs of what? In order to fulfill their obligations, what kind of job or work is a combination of a board of directors should be carried out supervision, recommendation or decision? Properly perform their duties will encounter what obstacles? What resources are required?
The second thing to do is to find the rise above the common herd of directors. You should think about how to seek, nomination, and develop a group with the skills and experience appropriate directors? Who should sit on the board of directors position? How should they be selected? How to develop or removal of directors? What each of the directors must have the quality? How to determine the term limits? "A lot of the board of directors are more conservative, for those who are explicitly considered incompetent directors tend not to take decisive measures." Colin B.Carter so that.
Third to enhance understanding of the process. How to re shape the process to effectively change the conduct of the board, the board of directors to better grasp the information and improve the decision? The board of directors of the enterprise should be how to increase understanding? How to pass on the meeting of the board of directors of the content and the form to ensure that the board of directors to adjust the time to get better use? Directors should be how to division of labor to complete tasks more efficiently? Effective supervision of enterprises and the CEO performance of the need to pay attention to what matters?
Finally we should consider how to establish a highly transparent and open discussion of culture, how to ensure that the conference table behavior is constructive rather than destructive role played, how to respect confidentiality, conflicts of interest and to coordinate all parties.
As China enterprise, Regal also suggested: should pay special attention to overseas independent directors may bring the culture and communication challenges, which will affect the efficiency of the board of directors; and to help establish the deep knowledge of independent directors to the company related business, to help them better perform their supervisory duties; strengthen between management and the board of directors the communication layer, the division of labor to clear the board and management responsibilities; carefully study the composition of the board of directors, the board of directors has related to ensure company business model and strategic skills.
Finally, and most important to Chinese Enterprises: don't let all this formality.