Long term since the use of insurance funds accounted for a large deposit agreement than most, is facing a slowdown of the inflection point.
Previously, the media reported the Construction Bank China brewing a modest decline in deposit rates, although this news has not been confirmed but is no doubt that the CCB, deposit loan difference brings hitherto unknown pressure has to China banking. According to the people's Bank of Chinese statistics, by the end of 2005, China's financial institutions deposit loan difference has reached 9.2 yuan, the difference in the first quarter of 2006 continues to expand. A quarter, Chinese banking new deposits 1980300000000 yuan, and the new loans is only 1283000000000 yuan, deposit loan difference expands continuously.
Members of the Investment Committee of Taikang Life slowly said, commercial bank lowered the deposit interest rates in the future will give personal savings direct impact, but for enterprise customers agreement certificates of deposit rates are already fall to insurance companies can not accept.
From China life insurance, Ping An insurance and PICC Property Insurance Company and other large domestic news, from the beginning of the second half of 2005, companies do very little agreement certificates of deposit, the reason is in deposits both sides is difficult to talk about.
In 2006 the national insurance work conference data shows, insurance asset structure in 2005 of a strategic shift, long term, stable income bond investment for the first time in more than bank deposits in 2005, becoming the first large investment tools to achieve 52.3%. By the year 2005 from the situation of insurance funds, the bank balance on the whole has steadily increased, but at the end of 2005 than at the beginning of the year increased by only 27300000000 yuan, compared to 2005 increased 335700000000 yuan balance of the use of insurance funds is concerned, is not worth mentioning.
Three overseas listed insurance companies in 2005 reduced the release of bank deposits.
Comparison of Ping An insurance in 2005 and the 2004 annual report, in 2005 the total investment 246748000000, deposit accounts for more than 27.9%, while the bond investment and equity investment are respectively 64.8% and 6.2%. But in 2004, the investment funds in 39.9% as deposit, put in the bank funding drop quite obvious.
PICC is also so. Deposit its 2004 and 2005 accounted for the proportion of investment funds is respectively 54.6% and 52.9%, the proportion dropped significantly, large amounts of funds into the bond market.
China Life Asset Management Co a personage introduction, agreement certificates of deposit interest rate is fully market-oriented, neither the upper nor lower limit, completely determined by negotiations between the two sides, but the term is generally not less than three years. Although also account for a large proportion of bank deposits, investment in the insurance industry, but are basically stock, additional agreement deposit has very little.
"In 2007 there will be a large number of time deposit is due, when it is out of the need to change money investment and other channels." The source said.
Another joint venture life insurance company investment department manager said, past bank is generally at the beginning of the year by the head office of the formulation of absorbing deposit agreement index at the beginning of this year, but the basic are not do this plan, the head office of a stop, the following branch also can't again, at present only some small banks still do a large agreement deposits, but the scale there is also very limited.
"A mode of operation is to find a good bank loan program, and then according to the loan period to find the time and amount of matching funds." Introduce the person.
"Agreement certificates of deposit generally refer to a period of 5 years the interest rate of 3.6%, lower than this number cannot bear, the original general can reach 4% level, the best time of 5 year and 7 year agreement deposit rate can reach more than 7%, but now have to go below 3%, low can not bear." The source said.
Members of the Investment Committee of Taikang Life slowly said, because the insurance enterprise funds is relatively simple, the term stability, density, the risk is small, so the past bank is willing to accept the insurance enterprise deposits, "but because of insurance business negotiation ability, familiar with the financial industry and product, so every time the negotiation process is the seesaw are hard."
China Life Asset Management Co said, although this year the stock market a good, but after all, insurance funds mainly is the pursuit of sound, and investment matching requirement, large deposit agreement can't do, Bond became a large deposit agreement alternatives, although the market interest rate is relatively low, also not have regarded it as an important investment channel.