Market quietly speculation "to raise interest rates again" "sustained increases in interest rates, the authority of experts think --"
In the short term is unlikely to introduce further austerity policy
Macroeconomic situation analysis
The "five one" holiday, Beijing Mr. Kim had very depressed. Because after the Spring Festival, he bought a suite, did not think of to just over two months, the central bank began in April 28th when the implementation of the new business loan interest rate policy, this let him feel burden increased a lot.
The same was "inadequate" and buy a house in the housing accumulation fund a few months ago, miss lu. According to the latest notice of state issued by the Ministry of construction, from May 8th onwards, each grade of personal housing accumulation fund loan interest rates were raised by 0.18 percentage points -- 5 years (including) the following loans from the current 3.96% annual interest rate adjusted to 4.14%; 5 years or more loans from the current 4.41% annual interest rate adjustment of 4.59%.
According to the results of the poll sina.com.cn, since the central bank in April 28th third mortgage interest rate adjustment, there are more than 50% of consumers intends to temporarily postpone the purchase plan, at the same time, there are nearly 70 percent of consumers think that after the introduction of this policy Beijing's housing prices will continue to rise. Avoid leaning to either side to play in official regulation measures of real estate investment and some of the large base of industry head.
The interview process was found, regardless of industry, or policy experts all authoritative think, the central bank and Ministry of construction of the "comic", and is expected to be on the move in addition to high prices to stabilize the formation potential, also reflected in the other overheated sectors of the macro regulation and control should be in prospective view -- analysts some authorities, although the current CPI (consumer price index) is still low, but the pace of macro economic situation and "inflation" distance is closer, the urgency of the regulation is increased.
Interest rate hike signal trigger different guess
It is for the future macroeconomic trends may lead to "the overall judgment based on partial heat", conveys austerity wind clear in April 14th the State Council executive meeting presided over by Premier Wen Jiabao on. It is not difficult to find, since the mid to late 4, the level of the market or to be taken "on the central bank to raise the reserve ratio", "raising the interest rate on loans" voice As one falls.
In the above conjecture and speculation for the official policy, many analysts believe that the possibility to adopt the former official first policy more. But surprised markets is, the central bank is taken after the house before, in the "Golden Week" before the announced financial institutions a one-year benchmark lending interest rates 0.27 percentage points, other relevant interest rates also follow up.
Without a doubt, the "sword" the central bank raising for possible future "inflation" can play a certain inhibition. In an interview with reporters, macroeconomic research experts, monetary policy experts believe that, due to 0.27 percentage point range is not big, the economic operation of the "latent heat" to "cure" effect; and the more expert thinks, the policy of the central bank is just released a signal of tightening in the face of some industries, suggests that non market investment behavior of macro-control is not normal, be at a loss what to do.
¡¡¡¡Whether the central bank to increase interest rates again into focus
However, the above ideas and then recruit leads to many inquiry from the market, such as the official follow-up "austerity" policy and what? In the future, the central bank will raise interest rates again?
The newspaper quoted the latest report, the Ministry of Finance vice minister Li Yong said on Saturday the Asian Development Bank in India Hyderabad's annual meeting, "if necessary, the central bank will raise interest rates further Chinese". But it is worth to mention is, Li Yong's speech did not give the central bank interest rates next time. Li Yong also said, China policymakers have been more and more inclined to use market tools -- rather than the government on the banks of the instruction -- as a major means of guiding the economic development. This obviously means that, even if the central bank to increase interest rates again, also want to wait for the "nature" domestic economic situation itself, rather than external pressure.
Think Chinese Academy of Social Sciences financial monetary policy research director Peng Xingyun yesterday when accepting our newspaper reporter to interview on this topic, see from the surface, the 1.26 trillion yuan of new loans in the first quarter of this year, seems to have more than 2.5 trillion yuan annual targets, but because the target itself is low, so the new loans in the first quarter of 14.7% growth rate did not from the average level in the past 10 years.
"In April 27th the central bank announced that the loan interest rate adjustments do not, but with the central bank to follow 'the principle of prudence' is consistent. If you blindly, simply before 3 months of data as a standard to measure whether the investment is too rapid, apparently some hasty; thus speculated that also need to continue raising interest rates is also not precise." He thinks, the current domestic economic situation is running well, the urgent need is to increase interest rates again. "Whether the interest rate hike at least must continue to observe the data in the second quarter."
Commercial bank lending impulse
Nearly 10 days, the market and the level of scholars around the central bank late last month to increase business loan interest rate policy carried out several rounds of discussion. One controversial idea is, central banks have taken "to raise loan interest rates, to keep the deposit rate unchanged" move, objectively artificially expanded margin, then, it will further stimulate commercial bank lending impulse?
The Milky Way Securities senior economist Yuan Dejun analysis said, if the above-mentioned concerns was founded in reality, then the central bank's interest rate measures is tantamount to overcorrect, run counter to one's desire.
Peng Xingyun thinks, even if the above-mentioned concerns through uplink in theory, and it is difficult to form a climate in reality. "Undeniable, loan interest rate to improve the commercial bank the expected rate of return, but whether it can make this expectation can be realized on consumers, but also more depends on consumers' that side ', a tango."
Also worth mentioning is that, in order to prevent the non normal commercial bank lending, the central bank in April 27th announced the date of the implementation of the new business loan interest rate policy, to convene the relevant policy banks, state-owned commercial banks, joint-stock banks and some branch of the people's Bank held a "window guidance". Peng Xingyun analysis said, because "window guidance" itself to control credit irrational put to restrain, so it is expected to "improve the business loan interest rates" this measure form "with the defensive attack with" effect.
Raise the reserve ratio is still in the hot
Notably, the release of "improving the business loan interest rates" of this policy in April 27th before the central bank, many mainstream economists generally think that, as a macro-control "more effective" means, take raising the reserve requirement ratio may play a role to get instant results. Yuan Dejun also thinks when accepting a reporter to interview, "because the upper limit of the loan interest rate is floating, even raise the benchmark interest rate loans, the effect is small; and the best way is to raise the reserve ratio of commercial banks." He said, according to the practice and experience, every increase of commercial bank reserve ratio by 1 percentage points, will be able to shrink 280000000000 yuan credit scale.
In Peng Xingyun's opinion, if only in order to achieve the goal of controlling the credit, market means the central bank can take a few, but these tools are often easy to cause the overall contraction of credit, is not conducive to the healthy development of financial institutions, is not conducive to the stability of macro economy operation, "and the loan interest rate move is a departure from the credit demand perspective, the impact of relatively not too violent."
Reporters Zheng Chunfeng newspaper in Beijing
Liu Liqin Intern