According to the announcement from the Penghua Fund Management Co in May 9th, May 15, 2006 in Putian bond fund new charging method and adjust the tariff standard. The fund management fee rate from 0.75% down to 0.60%, trustee fee rate from 0.20% down to 0.18%. At the same time will all fund is divided into two class: Class A share of the fund the fund share and B share fund. Class a share of the fund to pay the purchase, redemption fees without paying sales service fees of the fund share; class B share fund refers to pay without paying the subscription and redemption fee sales service fees of the fund share. Through the adjustment, the total cost of investors to invest in Putian bond fund is much lower than the original.
Only reduce the fund management fee rate, and custodian fee rate makes all investors investment cost is reduced by 17.89%. At the same time, through a separate A, B two kind of fund share, make investors more choice opportunities. In particular, B funds, through the purchase and redemption fee exemption changed to collect sales service fees, so that investors get more benefits.
On the surface, the B class fund in charge is the replacement of a model, but deferred daily charge sales services way that investors need not pay the subscription fee in the early, so this part of the funds will become investors in the fund share, there is value added in favor of investors funds maximum, similar back-end fees mode and the effect of stock fund.
Putian bond since since the establishment of the fund, the bond market experienced a sharp fluctuation. Although faced with poor market conditions, Putian bond funds are still achieved good returns on investment, as of April 28, 2006, the fund net cumulative growth rate is 9.82%, the average annual yield of over 3%, significantly outperforming a one-year bank deposit after tax rate of return (1.8%), fully embodies the fund expert financial (related: Securities Finance) the advantage of. According to Morningstar (Morningstar) announced in April 28, 2006 the fund evaluation center data, Putian bond fund total return this year rate of fifth ranks in the 16 bond funds, as the bond fund rating * * *. The fund was established in the same period of bond funds is the most in dividends, since the fund the entry into force of the contract has five dividend, which in 2006 first quarter dividend of two times, each share of the 10 fund accumulative total dividend distribution of 0.85 yuan, creating ideal returns for investors.
Putian bond fund prudent strategy in investment strategy, meet the market of absolute return products strictly according to the demand for investment, the investment fund contract the scope of investment. The fund will mainly focus on the absolute return products investment, focus on investment in treasury bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds and other pure bond, and strive to return on investment is relatively stable. While the stock investment proportion is higher than 20%, and mainly is selected to participate in the placing of new shares and the issuance of. At present, the refinancing reopen soon. Continuously improve the placing of new shares and the issuance will help fund income. The investment strategy adjustment ensures Putian bond fund "net debt" and investment risk controllability.
And Putian bond fund Putian series belong to fund another stock fund -- Putian income fund, this year the investment performance is even more remarkable. A quarter of the fund successfully mining and heavily G Xiamen tungsten, Chihong Zinc Germanium and other market. According to Morningstar the morning star (Shenzhen) fund data center data published in April 28, 2006, the fund total return since the entry into force of the contract since the rate was 63.46%, total return rate since 2006 43.13%, ranking sixteenth in the 62 stocks in the fund, as the stock fund rating assumes, risk assessment of the most recent year for low.