
　　A quarter of China's economy grew 10.2%, 27.7% growth in investment, while bank credit growth too fast, more than half has completed the annual plan, some city commercial housing prices continued to rise. This shows that, the economic operation has obvious signs of overheating. Therefore, in April 28th the central bank raised lending rates of financial institutions. The move is necessary, timely.
In fact, the central bank's small fine-tuning more released tightening signal, because of facing the pressure of RMB appreciation, the expansion of consumer pressure and worries about the economic trend of uncertainty, making the central bank must take the policy step by step, according to the market effect and control results to determine the next step of monetary policies.
Analysis of the effect of interest rate on money demand
Because of small changes in interest rates, tightening seems to be less than the market expected, but did not take administrative measures, so the market response does not seem strong, real estate celebrity Pan Shiyi also "exhaled", has second shoe finally fell down and sound not means.
But it is necessary to analyze the impact of interest rate on how who brought greater. From the angle of view of the sensitivity of interest rates, on the subject is not sensitive to interest rate usually has two kinds: one is not cost-effective enterprise, like many state-owned enterprises before, as long as it can borrow the money, do not care about how high rates, because they may borrow money didn't intend to return; two is the benefit is too high enterprises, small interest spending accounts for the proportion of income, the interest rate on its sense is inevitable attempt an ineffective solution. The current real estate is a high profit industries, small interest rate is difficult to curb the developers loan demand. Therefore, to Pan Shiyi "exhaled" can understand.
On the subject of interest rate sensitive mainly to a lower level of profitability of enterprises, and the strongest response is already in the bank for the purchase or prepared in the mortgage, due to financial leverage ratio of liabilities high, interest rates will make their burden was significantly increased, and will adjust the future behavior. Therefore, the expected increase in interest rates, will to some extent on the housing demand and prices from rising too fast to inhibit.
At the same time to see, developers and the market is dynamic game, although the developers may not be from the perspective of the financial cost of reducing the number of loans, but due to the weakening plus interest objectively bring demand, if the developer does not reduce the supply of homeopathy, will make its own market risk increase. Of course, leading to rapid price increases to many factors, so the governance also needs the comprehensive use of various means, the interest rate is only one of the.
Interest rate hike why "window guidance"
On the other hand, to see the object of interest rate adjustment, is money demand rather than the supply of funds. In particular, keep the deposit interest rates unchanged in the case of the central bank in the current round of pranayama, improve lending rates, which undoubtedly expanded the commercial bank's profit space.
Therefore, commercial banks in this reaction may be to not only shrinking loan, but increased loans, this and the regulation of the direction of the central bank's draw further apart. To avoid this scenario, the central bank increased interest rates at the same time, "window guidance" and called the banks responsible person, asking them to grasp the loan schedule, control the loans, the main person in charge of the CBRC also participated in guidance.
　　"Window guidance" is indeed not administrative means, also have no legal effect, but are effective in practice in many countries, and have proved effective every time. In fact, the fundamental reason lies in the interests of drivers, after all, the long-term interests of the central bank and commercial banks is consistent, commercial banks believe that central banks will have farsightedness, with more than their own, so willing to listen to the guide, as a British banker says: "we are in close contact with the Bank of England, each in a word we to its president said to us at any time the cock one's ears to listen, he may give us a hint, we cannot regard as unimportant."
China's current, commercial banks do not accept if "window guidance", continue to increase credit, is likely to exacerbate the overinvestment and excess capacity, resulting in the rate of bad loans rebound, eventually make their own interests loss. Therefore, it can be expected, the central bank to raise interest rates in the supplemented by "interaction window guidance", has the potential to curb loan growth quickly situation, and make the economy overheating phenomenon change. Of course, does not rule out the policy effect is not obvious, the central bank to continue to increase the possibility of future austerity.
Why not choose to raise deposit reserve rate
In view of this interest rate hike, some scholars think, the central bank should choose the financial institutions raised the statutory deposit reserve ratio, the effect is better than the loan interest rate increase. The reason is, the deposit reserve rate is powerful means, increased mobility will be directly after withdraw of commercial banks, and then shrink their lending capacity.
But I think this viewpoint is worth discussing. First of all, because has not yet realize the marketization of interest rate, the monetary policy transmission mechanism is not smooth, and improve the level of central bank money market interest rates by raising the reserve requirement ratio, cannot bring about a rise in lending rates of financial institutions, will not be able to make the loan demand weakened the market main body. Secondly, raising the reserve requirement ratio while it would withdraw liquidity to financial institutions loan funds may be reduced, but due to rising levels after money market interest rates will still be significantly lower than the benchmark interest rate loans, therefore, financial institutions will be a rational approach, through the realization of the flow of money market assets, to supplement the loanable funds, in order to make their lending capacity unabated.
Visible, will control the excessive credit growth, the central bank directly improve the loan interest rate than the increase in the statutory deposit reserve rate of more effective.
Committed to the improvement of the monetary policy system
In the long run, with the marketization of economy and finance is more and more high, in order to make the financial macro-control more efficient, the central bank should be committed to reform and perfect the system of monetary policy. The following aspects are important:
First, to further improve the ultimate target of monetary policy system. The goal of monetary policy in the "currency stability" refers to the prices of consumer goods (CPI), and the prices of assets such as real estate is not included, therefore, to tend to the conclusion of "high growth and low inflation" macro economic situation at the time of conclusion. In fact, the money supply too much but does not appear to be rising prices, an important reason is that real estate prices are high and absorb a lot of money. Although the central bank will be asset prices directly into the monetary policy target will also appear many problems and obstacles, but the combination of asset prices to further improve the monetary policy target system is very important.
Second, improve the tools of monetary policy, expand open market operations efforts, accelerate the marketization of interest rates. The deposit and loan interest rates from the current policy tools gradually into the control index of bank, it is the objective requirement of the macro financial control from direct to indirect. Although because of practical constraints, the marketization of interest rate is still difficult to accomplish at one stroke, but deal with problems after the market benchmark interest rate formation and central bank regulation mode were studied in advance.
Third, further clear the monetary policy transmission mechanism, through the money market and the capital market linkages. At present, can be considered timely with the inter-bank bond market and the stock exchange bond market, which will be conducive to the role of monetary policy and the impact of space to expand the scope, so as to improve the operation of monetary policy efficiency. (the author is the central financial (related: financial securities) Chinese banking research center director of University)
