A weaker dollar, plus the Iran nuclear issue get increasingly slim hopes of a peaceful settlement, plays the role of safe haven investment gold Tuesday rose strongly, and break through the $700 mark for the first time since October, 1980. New York June gold futures closed up $21.60 or 3.2%, to $701.50 an ounce of gold; London closed up $19.10 or 2.8%, at $696.40; July New York silver closed up 69.5 cents or 5%, at $13.77, hit a 23 year high in July; New York period of platinum closed up $37.40 or 3.1%, at $1239.30, a record high. New York July copper closed up 9.45 cents or 2.7%, at $3.596.
Influence of spot gold, gold stocks American related gold fund, index rose sharply, gold. GLD (STREET TRACKS GOLD TRUST SHARES), rose 2.12, volume last day rose 12057900; GDM (Gold Miners Index - AMEX), closing at 1242.29, up 57.81, 4.88% increase; XAU (GOLD AND SILVER INDEX) rose 7.03, increases 4.38%, closing at 167.46.
In May 8th foreign ministers did not submit a by Britain and France, USA support resolution agreement. The draft resolution calls forced Iran to stop its uranium enrichment activities, and intends to invoke the "UN Charter" seventh chapters to launch a military or economic sanctions on Iran. Originally it was reached in this week's prospects, at present we feel not very optimistic, still need further attention to developments this week.
This morning the Israeli public television reported that the new Israeli government, Vice Premier Peres stressed that, if by Iran nuclear attack, Israel will give devastating counterattack, threatening to destroy others, they will be wiped out.
Yesterday, Iran President Ahmadinejad proposed to alleviate the current tensions in the world "new scheme" can not change the USA on Iran's nuclear program position. This is a clear to the White House was carefully studied by Ahmadinejad Bush letter of. USA will not do, formal written reply to President Ahmadi Nejad of Iran to Bush's letter. Because American officials have the letters published comments, this already represents American government respond to this letter.
For the problem of Iran uncertain situation, the gold price trend will continue to run high. Yesterday we remind investors concerned about the night the United States Iran letter position problem, so the evening gold prices rose.
Analysis from the point of view of the short-term economic factors, we must pay attention to the foreign exchange market. Last night the beauty between the data does not meet expectations, the sharp rise in non beauty. Today American FOMC will announce its interest rate decision before the value 4.75%, predict 5%. This is the week's most influential economic event, now the market is generally expected to the level of 5%, FED will temporarily stop the footsteps of raising interest rates, which will be reflected on the statement after the meeting. If the interest rate decision does show signs of interest rates temporarily end, so attention should be paid to the market took the opportunity to speculation, boost shipments.
The influence of the foreign exchange market for the evening of gold, we are mainly concerned about the statement after the meeting, and further understand the FOMC view for the current USA economy, so as to analyze the market for gold currency attribute further acceptance.
Gold prices have been close to the $700 mark. From the trend, the four hour chart analysis, the price of gold is currently in Bollinger Bands on the normal operation, short-term may fall in flow channel. Line on the chart since childhood, yesterday USA during afternoon trading, the price of gold in the vicinity of 700 small adjustments, have profit taking pressure. At present, below the 694.60691.50 as an important support, the last $677.10 support.
In short, the above analysis recommended that investors focus first on the latest developments in Iran today after the event, pay close attention to at present the foreign exchange market dollar trend, which refer to technical analysis trading operations in the form below. If you have any questions, please pay attention to VIP analysis report.
