Land department director: 3 years later to buy a house
Lin Haokun said the Guangdong this year real estate land will increase by 12%, expert on land abundant said no feeling
Report from our correspondent (reporter Tian cream month Southern Daily reporter Guan Li) Guangdong property market hot, prices continued to rise, the Provincial Department of Land Resources Minister Lin Haokun called this the "false heat".
Yesterday he answer after Guangdong "praised hotline" (02036235999) said, Guangdong real estate land supply is very abundant. He suggested that consumers may wish to consider 3 years later buy a house home.
Land department director
There are a large number of vacant housing market "hot"
Yesterday is the fourth Linhaokun line calls "the voice of the hotline". According to statistics, "line", into the hotline reflected mainly in 3 aspects: one is the illegal land use, land acquisition compensation two is low or not is not in place, the three is illegal mining, causing damage to the environment problem.
Answering hotline after the end, housing prices rising Lin Haokun answered media questions. He thinks, the large number of vacant housing is the current real estate market "false heat" performance. "Guangdong this year real estate land than last year rose 12%, land supply is very abundant." He expected that the relevant government departments will have the file to regulate the real estate market.
What time to buy a house will be more appropriate? A reporter asked. "3 years later!" Lin Haokun gave a precise answer.
Real estate experts
People avoid blindly investment real
3 years later, buy a house, would be more cost-effective? Therefore, real estate consulting marketing expert Han Shitong is not recognized. He said when buy a house cost-effective, this is very difficult to make an accurate prediction. If the government to appropriate, probably less than 3 years, house prices will fall; but if the policy properly, may be more than 3 years. But he sure, a good time to buy a house now is really not a home.
Guangdong enough real estate land supply, to this, Han Shitong also said "no feeling". He thinks, real estate land should be restored to the market regulation situation two years ago. He is an example, in Guangzhou two years ago, the government is calling for the real estate business to go, stay in Guangzhou development, the supply of land is relatively loose, so prices stable. But in recent years, the tightening of land supply, to control the scale of real estate, but gives the developer price excuse and reason. He suggested that the government should change the idea, for example, Guangzhou Laoba district some of the land can be re planning, improve the utilization rate of.
Vice chairman, provincial HS Secretary General Cai Suisheng suggested that the government took land supply more detailed plans and information data, adjust the structure of land supply, housing supply system perfect sound, maintaining the real estate market continued steady development of guangdong.
Han Shitong also believes that the current high prices, Guangdong absolute, just two years time Guangzhou property prices have soared more than 50%! From 2003 Yishoufang 3888 yuan / square meters to the first quarter of this year 5997 yuan / square meters. He said, the government may also introduce regulatory policy, he suggested that consumers care "market", rational purchase, do not blindly follow the trend of speculation.
The developer
The government is to remind the public care market
Guangzhou area developers said, "advised the public to buy a house 3 years after" argument, the judgment does not affect the public housing.
Guangzhou China Everbright estate director general Chen Hongzhi said, Guangzhou total land supply is adequate, but the structure of land supply has deviation. Especially in the old city district too little land, this and buyers purchase demand far; land supply in the commercial office space than residential land. Deputy director of Guangdong Pearl Group Marketing Geng Lei also have the same feeling.
"Do not buy a house 3 years suggest that the public is" will have an impact on real estate sales? Geng Lei said, for those anti risk ability is low, poor comprehensive quality developers, as "a blow and a shout". However, he thinks, the current real estate market prices deviate from the value of the property is not does not exist, the government of these arguments will effectively to remind the public, so that buyers can carefully into the city.
All kinds of sounds into a mess
Just two years time Guangzhou property prices have soared more than 50%!
-- real estate experts Han Shitong
Real estate prices rose China will appear in future 12 months.
-- "Chinese business newspaper" wrote an article pointing out that, today's China, awash with cash, hot money rolling, such circumstances, real estate field China appears normal but speculation. At present a large number of industrial companies to do real estate is China economic woes, but doing so is their rational choice.
The house than raising children also value!
Indulge in elaborating on -- Beijing speculation
Not in Hebei to apply for a temporary residence permit!
I am Yanjiao person, because Beijing people in, get us the prices soared.
-- high prices forced the people of Beijing moved to Hebei, a netizen to revolt
Theory of property
A quarter of Guangdong 10680000 M2 residential vacancy
The bank credit funds to speed up the flow into the real estate development industry
Report from our correspondent (reporter Li Yaqiong) according to the latest statistics Guangdong Provincial Bureau of statistics show, 2006 1 - March, Guangdong vacant residential area of 10680400 square meters. From one quarter of the real estate development funding sources, growth year-on-year domestic loans, foreign funds and year-on-year decline, the bank credit funds into the real estate industry began to accelerate. Compared with the first quarter last year, housing vacancy within a year, a decrease of 921600 square meters, but the vacant for more than one year increased 789900 square metres of residential
