Newspaper reporter Cai Guozhao Intern Peng Yong Yan Xiaoxue.
In ordinary consumers increasingly feel that the price of commercial housing is difficult and at the same time, nearly two of residents were Chinese disposable income for the purchase, individual housing consumption and total social consumption ratio reached 1: 5. Through the comparison of data, industry experts recently Chinese real estate continued overheating, consumption distorted situation again warned.
Comparison of the shocking figures: 1.42: 8.32 trillion trillion
In spite of the control of the real estate market trend, some parts of consumer cash phenomenon, but in 2005 the real estate market is still hot Chinese. Construction experts Xie Jiajin said a few days ago, the housing consumption of residents in China continued to expand, 2005 only purchase individual commercial housing consumption amounted to 1.42 yuan.
At the same time, the recently released the 2005 national economic and social development China Bulletin shows, the total retail sales of consumer goods 6.72 yuan. In this year, Chinese per capita disposable income of urban residents 10493 yuan, population 562120000 people, per capita disposable income of rural residents was 3255 yuan, a population of 745440000 people, so that the total disposable income of 8.32 yuan.
The residents of housing consumption and total social consumption comparison, the proportion of 1: 5; compare the aggregate disposable income and the country residents, the proportion reached 17.07%. "The ratio in the expectation but also amazing." Many experts interviewed by reporters said.
Consumption in the real estate market continued to rise at the same time, Beijing Normal University Center for financial research recently published "China real estate financial security assessment report," but according to the eastern area commercial housing fold reached 70% city residents have no ability to purchase new premises to the conclusion. And the Internet, a new term that the prices -- "housing slave" is increasingly popular.
"Indicates the paradox between consumer purchasing power and the reality, China current housing needs is a distorted by external forces of consumption, prices continued, causing the irrational rise of low-income persons beyond the economic capacity of individual panic follow the trend, which is typical of the 'Herding', which will bring huge hidden trouble to the people and bank." Shanghai real estate sector independent critics Gu Haibo said.
Distortion: the three requirements for the boom
70% city residents have no ability to purchase new premises, real estate still rising consumption why? Analysis of relevant experts believe that the current housing consumption, support the main force mainly comes from the investment demand, passive sexual needs and improve sexual demand driven "".
"Social wealth relative scarcity of investment channels is an important cause of domestic consumer demand for housing." Shenyin Wanguo Securities Institute senior analyst Chen Yu said. Real estate contains not only the scarcity of land, but also embodies the energy, raw materials, labor and other elements. In recent years the stock market, bond market rate of return on investment to make satisfactory situation, as the product of a representative basket of elements of the portfolio investment, real estate investment community will inevitably become the focus of attention.
"China population cardinal number is large, while the rich are different, but few people buy a house can form demand." Fudan University real estate research center director Yin Bocheng also identify affect investment demand for Chinese housing consumption. At present, some areas China housing sales are close to or even more than disposable income of local residents in the total. Statistical bulletin shows, in 2005 the total disposable income of Shanghai residents is 311520000000 yuan, but the year Shanghai commercial housing sales reached 216330000000 yuan.
In addition to investment demand, large-scale increase in passive sexual needs city of acceleration is caused by another factor causing high housing consumption. Shenyin Wanguo Securities Research Institute provided the data display, low ebb after 1999, China's city construction from 2001 to speed up. City infrastructure investment growth rate reached 27% in 2005. "The rapid expansion and city process to adapt, removal Chinese annual amazing. In 2006, the construction of Shanghai World Expo 844000 18000 households, track traffic pre construction 844000 13000 households, in March the property market 'warmer' concerned with this." Gu Haibo said. And the recently released "2006 real estate Blue Book" think, "in some places one-sided emphasis on operating city, blind large demolition Dajian" has an important impact on housing consumption.
In addition, the improvement of consumer demand for housing a tremendous impetus. "Chinese has always emphasized the extra births perseverance. Low income people buy 'Gaojiefang' through mortgage loans and other forms, overdraft household consumption, serious impact on the quality of life." Yin Bocheng said. He believed that in the real estate market Puzhang situation, China residents to improve the housing urban investment demand was the "by" atmosphere, but also to a certain extent, the distortion.
Bubble: investment demand urgently need to recruit suppression
The first quarter of 2006, China 70 large and medium-sized city prices rose 5.5% over the same period, the real estate bubble continues to accumulate.
How to squeeze out the Chinese real estate market bubble? Experts interviewed by the reporter invariably stressed: changing the housing supply structure, meet the passive, needs to improve, at the same time, to increase the intensity of inhibition of investment property.
Yin Bocheng think, for the purchase of investment introduction of lending restrictions, classification of levying property tax. Nanjing Audit University associate professor Huang Junqing also suggested that, to increase the supply does not increase in the stock of the foundation, must restrain demand. Countries should be based on the first set of housing tax, to second
