"Minimum wage" is suffering from many kinds of misreading.
First, recently some scholars said, "over the minimum wage were not standard". The so-called standard of this theory is said to be "the local average monthly wage of 40% to 60%". This algorithm is called "social average wage, law" is the current international method, the method is not China adopted. Refer to the Ministry of labor and social security issued in 2004 twenty-first orders "minimum wage", the calculation method of the minimum wage in China can be found in the "weight method" and "the Engel coefficient method". Method is different, so can not analogy. Therefore, the minimum wage that scholar "not a national provinces and cities meet the national requirements" conclusion illogical in logic, also do not accord with the actual situation.
Second, why not use the "social average wage law"? Some people suspect that. The reason I'm afraid with China at present there are still about two yuan of household registration system. Each city statistics department can get, just local household registration population of employment data, but does not include migrant workers. Therefore, these cities the average wage of workers can not reflect all the local population of employment situation. And the use of the existing "ratio method", "Engel coefficient" relatively objective.
Third, many people put the "minimum wage" and social expectation wage be confused. The social expectation salary just to express the employment of a party's ideal, and no will employers bear force into consideration, and therefore can not truly reflect the market supply and demand. Shenzhen city departments at the beginning of this year on the Internet to solicit public proposal for a minimum wage, Internet users have suggested inside Shanhaiguan Pass 3000 yuan / month, the clearance outside the 2500 yuan / month, this will in reality, I am afraid it is difficult to be satisfied.
Fourth, some people put the minimum wage effect exaggerated. It is argued that the minimum wage is too low, not only hurt the fairness and efficiency loss. Indeed, the government should provide and by adjusting the minimum wage standards, in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of workers. But no matter from morality or from an economic perspective, exaggerated the minimum wage effect does not seem to fit. In reality, the actual income of the majority of migrant workers is higher than the standard of local minimum wage, or conversely, if the enterprise out of the salary is too low, the first would have been difficult to hire counterattack. The labor market supply and demand play a game force, constraint effect is greater than the minimum wage standard. Only those technical level is relatively low, easily replaced workers only need a minimum wage guarantee. Therefore, the minimum wage standard is a "bottom line", not a "benchmarking".
Fifth, the minimum wage is not the higher the better. Many studies show that the increase in the minimum wage standard will have a negative impact on the employment situation. The United States in the early 90 century raised the minimum wage, youth, high school dropouts, low skilled workers employment opportunities have been greatly reduced, and they will also decrease the vocational training. The survey shows that the United States, the minimum wage increase 27%, employment opportunities for men and women of the teenagers were reduced by 12% and 18%. In the employment of workers benefit at the same time, other workers are consequently unemployment. Economist Nobel Freedman et al. Research proved that, in some cases, the increase in the minimum wage standard losses, outweigh the benefits.
Therefore, the minimum wage standard is too low to no, too much is not good, moderate is the most important. Not to raise the minimum wage equal to the protection of the rights of migrant workers, especially vigilant around on this issue to compete the wind.