Ernst &amp; Young recently issued the "2006 global report" pointed out that the non-performing loans, the highest point in the current market of non-performing loans of the world as a whole in the trading of nearly 20 years, but the market almost no sign of cooling.
The non-performing loan investment market has covered the whole world
This report aims to admonish the relevant regulators around the world, be vigilant for signs of bank made to avoid more bad loan problems over and failure, "as Indonesia is currently experiencing, the country in 2005 the level of non-performing loans increased, or in the case of India, the country is expected to become the main market of non-performing loans in the next few years investors."
The report says, originated in twentieth Century 80's savings and loan industry American collapse and subsequent government aid, the non-performing loan packaging sale of budding investment market has completely covered the world, in the past few years in Asia and Europe are the emergence of large non-performing loan sale. At its peak, the total market value of non-performing loans of up to $4, about 1.5 times the 2007 total American budget.
Chinese non-performing loan sales activity is expected to expand next year
According to the analysis of the report, in the past 24 months, with the German lender implemented almost more than 30 cases of large non-performing loan sales, and Chinese non-performing loan sales activity is expected to expand next year, worldwide trading activity is expected to accelerate reflects the non-performing loan market has been through a series of regional market development opportunities become a wing the fullness of the global market maturity.
"The Asian financial crisis in 1997, the non-performing loan expansion rapidly in Asia, the global market also began to develop. The world market for more than 10 now non-performing loan transactions are including Japan, Germany, and India, on the China." The main author of the report, the accounting firm Ernst &amp; Young Huaming in China real estate partner Jack. Rodman said, "the development of the global value of trillions of dollars in the market has been a great learning space for banks, regulators and investors."
Jack. Rodman also said, "the lack of lending behavior, improper management and the reform of banking system failure factors caused huge losses in the banking system over the past 20 years, the global recovery in the average every dollar is 33 cents down to this. What is worse, the economic impact of bad loans caused by the devastating losses in many areas, so that these areas of the economy during the ten years in a state of depression."
Data show that, in those regions has long been the problem of non-performing loans of the evils, some countries have managed to reduce the historical legacy of bad loans (loans before 1997). But it is worth to mention is, in the past few years, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea have China successfully solve serious bad loan problems. Jack. Rodman made a point of view that, "because these countries or regions have established mature non-performing loan market, so their banks will have a more solid foundation."
