Economist Liang Xiaomin on technology breakthrough during new industrialization
Reporter Zhao Jie from Beijing
The 63 year old Liang Xiaomin is always very fast speed, the conversation between vocabulary and philosophy, in addition to the economic, historical allusions, at all times and in all countries, he said it and every month he insisted read dozens of books about.
The afternoon of April 23rd, as Tsinghua University professor EMBA Liang Xiaomin of Tsinghua University, in "EMBA the first Alumni Day" ceremony, more than ten minute speech attracted from time to time, set the whole room roaring with laughter and thunderous applause. After the ceremony, the Tsinghua Weilun building outside the edge of the lawn, he accepted the "first financial (related: financial securities) an exclusive interview with daily".
Manufacturing industry must be developed into a complete industrial chain
"First Financial Daily": whether the economics profession, or political circles, a lot of people in the discussion China transition issues, which are still at the end of this year has triggered a debate between Wu Jinglian and Li Yining fierce, what do you think of this argument?
Liang Xiaomin: I noticed a lot of controversy, in fact they misunderstand the meaning of the other party, especially the misunderstood Mr. Wu Jinglian mean. Some economists maintain a kind of view, think Chinese impossible to avoid the heavy industry phase of development, so China economy to the development of heavy industry as the center; Wu Jinglian as the representative of the views of economists think, we can't develop its heavy industry, but should take a new road to industrialization.
A lot of people will view the misreading of Mr. Wu, they think, Mr. Wu should not be the only industrial development, the development of the service sector, but the conditions of service industry in the China is not mature, so will think he is opposed to the road of industrialization.
In fact, Mr. Wu is not opposed to manufacturing, he emphasized the center is China to realize industrialization should be the model of industrialization, and the core of new-type industrialization is not to increase investment, quantitative growth advantage, but through technological progress to achieve economic growth. This is a very centered view of Mr. Wu said.
"First Financial Daily": in your opinion, the new industrialization China implementation process, the development of manufacturing industry of the road should be what kind of?
Liang Xiaomin: I never put the development of heavy industry as the main force of promoting national economic development, I think our country in the future development of the manufacturing industry is a complete industry chain, the upper reaches of the industry chain is heavy and chemical industry, and then manufacturing sectors, and are manufactured goods, and is a service for the manufacturing industry.
Manufacturing industry must develop as a whole industry, but the core of the whole industry inside is to achieve technological progress.
"First Financial Daily": China at present these links are not mature, one important reason perhaps this also sparked controversy?
Liang Xiaomin: the core of the argument is actually the future of China's economic growth mode problems. But from the whole aspect of manufacturing industry, we need to change is the growth mode.
Three links the current development of manufacturing industry in our country are urgent progress. From the industrial point of view, in the steelmaking industry as an example, at present our country enterprise produces a lot of steel, but there are a lot of steel is the low level. We want to change is the growth mode, only the implementation of technological progress, to refining of high quality steel, also can occupy the market.
From manufacturing equipment, our current production technology not advanced equipment, such as cars, mobile phone etc.. For many years, our country economy development practice proved to be technical or market for technology to foreign countries, we can not realize the progress of technology.
From the manufacturing product, although we have more than 20 kinds of products share in the world accounted for more than 70%, but they are in the low-end product market, there is no technical content, no brand.
One of the most is the lack of manufacturing services, such as logistics, sales network, personnel training, information, industrial design, the development of this part of the enterprise, the government also need to work together to complete.
We should take a new road to industrialization, is to realize a China own complete industry chain.
"First Financial Daily": technological innovation and breakthrough early from all levels put forward for a long time, now asked again how to do in order to avoid empty slogans are not implemented?
Liang Xiaomin: technological breakthrough can be said to be from the last century 50's is mentioned, but has not been achieved, still stay on the paper. A fundamental issue here is the system problem, also is the breakthrough on the technology system is the core, the system is the protection of property rights.
In Britain and Spain, for example, that Spain is the richest country in the world, but why did the industrial revolution did not happen in this country but in England? As the world's first written "property law" appeared in the United kingdom.
This is the requirement for the government.
We now is the lack of property rights protection. Speaking of the enterprise, to realize the technology innovation, only to rely on large enterprises. Because the investment risk, only large enterprises can bear. But our country now the business is too small, especially private enterprises, does not have the ability to innovation. Huawei enterprises have done good reason is that large-scale enterprises.
In an economy, not all is a big business, but there must be some became the economic backbone leading to lead, then the small and medium-sized enterprise to survive.
Countries should invest more in science and non science and technology
"First Financial Daily": when it comes to enterprises, and combine with the China transition topic, must produce the new and old