Newspaper reporter Lixiu Momoka Xiang Hua from Shanghai
"First Financial Daily" recently at the China Executive Leadership Academy Pudong hosted a "reform of the government administration system and the Pudong comprehensive reform" summit meeting. A reporter with the Shanghai international financial Dean Lu Hongjun financial center by trial or on the topic of innovation conducted in-depth interviews.
Go up century 80 time end, to set up the Shanghai international financial institute Lu Hongjun started to focus on the financial research center. Lu Hongjun thinks, the economies in transition and emerging economies financial center construction depends on the overall financial reform. A domestic financial center to regional international financial center in the process of development, must be through the experiment and the innovation form three basic conditions: constant effective government intervention, the height of the agglomeration effect, reasonable transaction costs, and then to the further development of the breakthrough point.
The 1 innovation, test, matching
"First Financial Daily": do you think what is the significance of independent innovation of Shanghai international financial center to form the characteristic location?
Lu Hongjun: if that is the external power, reform and opening up, the construction of Shanghai international financial center. Then, the independent innovation is the formation of international financial center of the inner driving force. Shanghai location characteristics can be formed between the financial center in the comprehensive function type and the type of independent innovation of the two, in the process of the formation of attracting investment, output capital, financial services, exchange rate reform and even the regional currency in Asia, play a unique pilot role. Shanghai Pudong as a comprehensive reform pilot area, must carry on the innovation of RMB derivatives business. The people's Bank of Chinese headquarter in Shanghai and China's financial futures exchange in Shanghai, is the important financial center with the innovation measures of national strategy.
"First Financial Daily": on the path you through experimentation and innovation to speed up the construction of international financial center has what thinking?
Lu Hongjun: test is an active and discreet behaviour is also cautious reform, innovation of financial policy. From 80's of last century, many economies in transition countries and developed countries have carried out various forms of economic reform experiment. This test once relates to fiscal policy and monetary policy, decision-making layer are quite cautious. But because of the international financial center belonging to the national behavior, thus are policymakers support make the test success and experience, and then expand the reform achievement.
Test often begin from relatively easy success began, and innovation often from key field begins to break through. If is a reform experiment open to foreign investment of RMB, which can be preceded by a "degree" to control risk, however, new product R &amp; D of RMB exchange rate mechanism is involved, the monetary policy and the opening of financial derivatives market, the complex coefficient is big, need not only the "degree", more need to "Tao", to prevent the "magic" (referring to the financial crisis). This needs through financial innovation and comprehensive supporting reform, therefore, usually placed on the second step. Experiment and innovation is the complementary interaction, not a plurality of test, may not have innovation; without innovation, it can consolidate and expand the results of the test.
"First Financial Daily": from the experimental and innovation point of view, what should be the implementation of the national strategy of Shanghai international financial center to grab?
Lu Hongjun: financial reform has led to mobilize body characteristics. So, in comprehensive and supporting the upper and lower time. The so-called integrated, belong to the strategic level, is to make the financial reform as a whole system to consider.
But there is a comprehensive strategic thinking is not enough, there must be a matching program to support, therefore, is supporting the tactical level, is to guarantee the implementation of the goals of the reform in the operation. Initial success of China's reform of non tradable shares, is the various aspects, highly complex cooperative combat results. If there is no corresponding policies to ensure the comprehensive reform, is hard to success. I think, the reform of state in Pudong, is a comprehensive and supporting from starting to arrange. Such as the people's Bank of Shanghai headquarters arrangement, is the combination of global international and domestic financial market, the supporting policies and institutions related to synchronization in place, can be implemented step by step in the operation. With financial market and product innovation, also should be operated to supporting ideas, so as to spread the risk, ease.
Review the process of the reform of economic system, we can see a phenomenon, is a comprehensive easy matching difficult. This is the strategic and tactical relationship. Game with communication facilities to the reform of different subjects of interests. The decision-making departments and administrative departments need to break the inertia of thinking, active innovation, positive connection.
"First Financial Daily": 2003 you first proposed the "Expo financial" concept and "Expo financial plan" is based on what consideration?
Lu Hongjun: innovative thinking and measure of stand on solid ground action should become the financial center of the wings, are indispensable. The Expo will increasingly show characteristics of its financial, knowledge of. As an important financial brand Shanghai Expo financial plan, its category mainly includes the Expo related financing tool, payment instruments, financial products (such as Expo, Expo bond fund and so on), financial services and financial innovation.
That the world leading international financial center development history, with the help of an important international activities (such as the Olympic Games, Expo) or market opportunities, the implementation of innovation and breakthrough in finance is the successful experience of the rise of the international financial center. Shanghai should take the World Expo as an opportunity, strive for financial reform try prior opportunity,