Designed in imitation of competitive coexistence
Recently, America Pharmaceutical Care Management Association (PCMA) of a copy of the appraisal report points out, the patent medicine manufacturers have patented drugs often used by the elderly has introduced a series of measures, try to limit the production and marketing of the generic drug manufacturers products, through litigation, lobbying for legislation and ingredient patent trap and other means, to the greatest degree delay generic drug or enter the federal health insurance system.
PCMA on behalf of Bmj Medical Management Inc such as medical insurance interests. The association president MarkMerritt said, patent drugs is trying to in the next 5 years to prevent some generic drug, thus for patent medicine sales of $23000000000. According to the association's statistics, to 2010, about 14 old people commonly used drug patents expire as scheduled, if the generic drug market, only through imitation of cholesterol lowering drug Zocor, Pravachol, and antidepressant Zoloft, prostate drug finasteride may America Medicare section for about $13000000000.
On behalf of America patent medicine manufacturers benefit USA pharmaceutical research and Manufacturers Association (PhRMA) Merritt dismissed the accusations, and points out that the federal Medicare budget was decreased year by year, and the use of generic rate is very high, prescription drugs is more than a half of generics, patent medicine manufacturers without proof of market manipulation, limit generics introduction.
Representatives of different interests of the two guild are expressed in a common meaning -- patent medicine manufacturers and generics manufacturers give tit for tat. In fact, the patent medicine manufacturers and generic drug manufacturers have privately alliance of.
In April 24th, FDA said American, recent survey will conduct a market fraud. FDA points out, the patent medicine manufacturers and generics manufacturers through the signing of the compensation agreement, delay time to market generic, or control the market the quantity of drugs, to commercial form of contract law loophole, make the patent medicine manufacturers continue to obtain high profits, while the generics firms from the patent medicine manufacturers received cash return.
Legal battles between patent drugs and generics of long-standing, patent medicine manufacturers and generic drug manufacturers have gradually realized that this is a pharmaceutical industry internal friction. In 1999, the birth of the first by the patent pharmaceutical generics manufacturers to "buy" to postpone the generic drugs listed promised compensation agreement. Patent medicine manufacturers can therefore maintain sales and profits, on the one hand generics firms can get stable income, on the one hand can take compression generics in the field of competitors in the market space.
Disclosure USA Federal Trade Commission, in September last year has 3 copies of the compensation agreement, and later signed at least 6 similar compensation agreement. Two recent decision is more catalytic similar agreements pharmaceutical enterprises enthusiasm.
One of the cases involving sales of $3800000000 years Senofi - Aventis products Plavix, the products in the America market by Bristol Myers Squibb Company sales. Senofi - Aventis and Bristol Myers Squibb Company and the generic drug company Apotex signed compensation agreement. According to the agreement, Apotex company will developed Plavix generic drug time delayed until 2011, and then got a sum of compensation, the compensation amount is not disclosed. This Agreement means that, American taxpayers will continue to pay high fees for 5 years. The first and only generic drug will mean to cause original patented medicine prices shrink 40%, market exclusive period, other generic drug will make the original patent medicine prices on average and then shrink by 20% ~ 40%. The Federal Trade Commission is considering how to respond to this agreement. Another agreement relates to Schering plough, the Federal Trade Commission has asked the Supreme Court to the circuit court dismissed. The Federal Trade Commission said, if the circuit court did not reject the agreement, will lead to patent medicine manufacturers and generics manufacturers arbitrarily limited competition, market manipulation, sharing profits.
The Federal Trade Commission has submitted reports to the White House Office of management and budget, to be allowed to issue a summons on as many as 200 pharmaceutical companies, a thorough investigation of similar compensation agreement whether they violated the anti competition law. But at present the pharmaceutical companies lobbying power, to implement the anti competition investigation considerable difficulty.
Generics growth be a trend which cannot be halted
In the next 5 years, the growth trend of generics market can not resist. Analysis of IMS data shows, in the next 5 years, the generic drug sales will increase by 14% ~ 17% speed, than the pharmaceutical industry sales are expected more than 9%. BainCompany company thinks, only in 2008 will have $78000000000 worth of prescription drugs by generic impact, while in 2005 this figure was $20000000000.
Generic another reason development is favored by the government. USA Medicare and Medicaid Services Center (CMMS) reduces the 2006 medical expenditure budget, from $38100000000 to $305 reduction. In times of economic development is not smooth, America government particularly want to see more cheap generics listed, to alleviate the pressure of the federal budget.
The summer blockbuster drugs, antidepressant Zoloft Pfizer Inc with annual sales of up to $3300000000 will lose patent protection, by generics after impact, with annual sales of $470000000. Generics companies are more willing to grasp the market big Taihua themselves, rather than through the compensation agreement profits. Thailand and China Usa Inc spokesman KevinMannix said, Taihua company has