The reporter as an apprentice in a Wu Dalang Clay oven rolls stores found astonishing inside story of a plot
Recently, this newspaper received public gold Baoliao said, a friend of his had to open it Clay oven rolls stores, the results made 2800 yuan tuition have the recipe, but back to warn him, don't eat it after Clay oven rolls! Because Clay oven rolls the meat stuffing is used that can not be fried oil fat, pigskin, add some pepper, chicken essence ingredients such as modulation, especially among these meat mixed with will make people poisoning animal thyroid scrap meat.
Informants what is intended to slander the runt Clay oven rolls shop, or true? To see why, our reporter an apprentice has entered a Guangzhou Wu Dalang Clay oven rolls store apprentice, witnessed the whole process results store buy animal thyroid waste meat and chop stuffing making Clay oven rolls. But the runt, dregs Clay oven rolls group chain corporation Southern China headquarters said, they are not responsible for any of the franchise store.
Graph: work station is put Clay oven rolls of raw materials through the toilet.
The shopkeeper admits no health permit
From the second half of last year, known as the "Chinese style" runt Clay oven rolls chains appear across the country force. In Guangzhou, the Clay oven rolls in front of the store was always long queues. Business was so unpopular in the chain store, don't really like Mr Jin said, have bad stores are heavily used in filling in the cheap scrap meat?
April 21st at noon, the reporters came to the Tangxia Tianhe a "Wu Dalang Clay oven rolls shop". Here is located in the corner of the street, excellent geographical location, traffic is also more. The owner is a couple, the people of Hubei, a man surnamed Li, a woman surnamed liu. Reporters to join the shop on the grounds, put forward first help a day in the shop obligations, if they can make money on pay to learn the secret recipe. Men and the owner is very warm, strongly urged reporters, do not learn this, now that the weather is hot, business is not so good. See the reporter is firm, he said: "if want to learn the words, will give 500 yuan, last year I was in Hubei spent 4000 yuan (fee)."
According to the landlord Li introduced, he is learned in Wuhan home last year "Diaozha Clay oven rolls" technology. He said, in Hubei, Wu Dalang Clay oven rolls and "Diaozha infants", "soil Diaozha", "tooth son", "Diaozha slag" name, but in Guangdong is mainly named Wu Dalang Clay oven rolls.
The reporter questioned Lee store how there is no business license and health permit, Lee said, according to his understanding, no other store. He set up shop not only does not have to go through the store permission, nor did not go to the health sector do a health permit, business license, health permit for employees will no more do, because very few people to check. Lee said: "as long as you pay 500 yuan of money to us, I will give you technical formula for one or two days, you invest ten thousand yuan can be opened to make money. Like me who also regardless of what Clay oven rolls shop, in no less than 100 in Guangzhou. Even now is the off-season, in the other shop no 2000 yuan is not learn down."
Graph: a variety of owner of a few cents a pound to buy scrap meat after the selected do stuffing.
See cheap scrap meat changes "sweet stuffing"
Reporters on the situation to understand when Lee, Lee's wife asked a large black plastic bag back, open on see, the reporter could not help but burst nausea, it is full of all kinds of waste meat. Reporters look carefully after the discovery, which was mixed with thyroid tissues of pig "throat of meat", significantly above the visible lymph nodes and a lot of white fibrous membrane, there are some people in Hubei called "meat Nur" fat.
Reporter asked: "the meat can be eaten?" Lee said: "this meat is cheap, eight or nine cents to buy a catty. As long as we will be inside those stiff glands removed, in addition to two yuan more than one catty oil bubble meat mixed up, people eat is not poisoning. But Clay oven rolls with this fat do fillings is best, because it is very easy to be out of the general fat into the gas oven, and the waste of meat meat is hard, difficult to roast, eat up the oil but not greasy, has better taste, eat! If you don't know Clay oven rolls, some shops also do fillings with those by formalin processing dead pork."
Lee said again and again, he is still mainly used "meat Nur" to do stuffing, are generally 2.2 yuan a catty bought meat, this advantage is back can be used, without processing. And the kind of thyroid scrap meat although cheap, but it took time to get rid of the inside of the thyroid, so all the cost to 1.5 yuan a catty, and do their own cakes also dare not eat.
"Is it right? All the runt Clay oven rolls stores are using this meat stuffing?" The reporter asked. "Store in to stores to teach technology, formula on General requirements for selection of pork, but most stores in order to reduce the cost and enhance the taste, choose a variety of cheap meat oil or waste meat." Say, Lee couple sat down to that bag of meat, picking and cleaning just come back soon, scrap meat is cleaned, chopped ginger, mix, chicken, soy sauce, and "Qingdao Ruikelai food company" production of meat flavoring agent, in the blink of an eye, the waste of meat or just dirty fishy becomes fragrant meat stuffing ""!
Graph: all kinds of scrap meat mixed with ginger, soy sauce, chicken essence, also sprinkle meat flavoring agent made of delicious Clay oven rolls. (Photo by new express reporter
Paul Ning Biao / photograph)
Clay oven rolls of raw materials piled up in the toilet.
The reporter sees, this runt Clay oven rolls shop is not large, put a gas oven, the store place has not much, operation desk through only a piece of cloth of the toilet, some raw materials such as bread improver, i.e.