The reporter learned from the provincial Price Bureau of the relevant department, our province has recently revised the "Guangdong provincial government pricing drugs directory" to the relevant units, requirements from May 10, 2006 implementation date.
It is understood, the revised pricing drugs 828. This included in the Guangdong government pricing catalogue of drug pricing, form the government guidance price, pricing for the content of the retail price. The specific form of pricing for the highest retail price, namely the operators can be less than the retail price of the implementation of government regulations.
"Guangdong provincial government revised pricing drugs directory", Guangdong Province formulate and promulgate the government pricing of drug price, regardless of origin, production enterprises, trade name (note except where noted originally developed or higher prices for better quality manufacturers), where sales in Guangdong Province within the jurisdiction of the same specifications, will execute unified price.
Provincial Price Bureau pointed out in the notice, once enacted officially announced the price of representative specification, other forms of specifications of the same variety, regardless of whether the previously published temporary retail prices, production (import agent) enterprises or entrusted with the operation of units shall, on behalf of specification product prices after the announcement within 1 months of the provincial Price Bureau to develop price. Published in the provincial Price Bureau price before, such as to continue selling in the market, production and operation of enterprises should promptly adjust the retail price in accordance with the provisions of the rules of the price difference. Overdue declaration, the former executive price shall be annulled.
Government pricing five categories of drugs
According to the relevant information published by the provincial Price Bureau, the provincial government pricing pharmaceuticals has five categories, including: A, Guangdong Province dispensing into 2004 version "of national basic medical insurance and industrial injury insurance drug list" (hereinafter referred to as the "health insurance directory") of Western medicine, according to the medical Chinese name division varieties indicated, including failure included in the "directory" medical dosage form; two, adjust our province into the health insurance directory "" traditional, marked the drug names and formulations division varieties; three, the provisions of the state, the competent department of price of the provincial pricing "medical insurance directory" belong to non prescription dosage forms and can be used as a non prescription drugs, but also can be used as a prescription drug "double cross" type specifications; four, the national "medical insurance directory" in Ethnic Minority Medicine; hospital preparations and Chinese herbal medicine; five, state regulations formulated by the competent department of price at the provincial level of narcotic drugs wholesale, retail prices and a class of psychoactive drugs.
It is reported, the hospital preparation included in Guangdong province government pricing catalogues will implement the pricing method, the unified classification management, while the Chinese medicine Yinpian unified pricing principle, the specific administrative measures shall be formulated separately by the provincial Price Bureau issued. As for the details of the government pricing drugs directory, the public can log on to the http://www.gdpi. gov.cn/ query.
