Run Mingxin concept of removing protein full care solution (ReNuMultiPlus) was investigated in the America
Dispatch of new wall bulletin has not escaped from Runming hydrogel nursing liquid in the event of Bausch &amp; Lomb, once again into a quality crisis. Bausch &amp; Lomb said recently, have been identified in the case of a small amount of European ReNu contact lens care solution Fusarium keratitis found users.
This is the first to admit cases of Fusarium keratitis were found in Europe of users in the Bausch &amp; lomb.
America disease prevention and control center (CDC) said, "at present, summed up the reasons of abnormal growth of fungal keratitis in a product or premature nursing liquid". America food and Drug Administration (FDA) said, there are no plans to take any action suggestions to Bausch &amp; Lomb other products.
According to introducing, Fusarium keratitis is a rare but very serious eye infections disease, which can lead to blindness. After a period of time, Bausch &amp; Lomb in Asia and American users have appeared such keratitis cases. At that time, Bausch &amp; Lomb spokesman expresses, will conduct a comprehensive analysis of Europe's case. But he refused to disclose the case appeared in Europe in which countries, also does not wish to disclose the number of cases. By May 5th, the CDC control center of disease prevention USA responded. CDC said, summed up the reasons of abnormal growth of fungal keratitis in a product or nursing liquid too early in the investigation. The present data are preliminary data, it is reported that, in the surveyed patients, patients with the use of multiple nursing liquid, including competitors products and Bausch &amp; Lomb product.
A for the case study from a neutral experts show: there are at least four strains from three different bacterial species, suggesting that the first cases of infection in Singapore, Hongkong and USA report is not the same source of infection.
The name of the David M.Geiser family is the industry authority of Fusarium research experts, he is also the director of the Penn State University Center for the study of America fusarium. The expert told the "New York Times" reporter said in May 6th, the study found that there are two types of Fusarium can easily in the tank and the drainage ditch was found, suggesting that the source of pollution in single is not in cases of keratitis infection.
Recently, Mr. Geiser by Bausch &amp; Lomb invitation, from the patient to fungal keratitis and its invisible microbial gene structure made of glasses on the assessment tool neutral.
Bausch &amp; Lomb nursing liquid memorabilia
In February 17th the Hongkong media reports, in January this year, 7 Singapore residents suffer from fungal induced keratitis, patients wearing contact lenses. Since May last year, a total of 19 people in Singapore found in these patients, 18 of them had used Bausch &amp; Lomb ReNu multipurpose contact lens solution to clean contact lenses.
In April 11th USA food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced in its official website, because of suspected might be associated with a rare eye disease, Bausch &amp; Lomb will take the initiative to halt shipments USA Runming hydrogel nursing liquid yield under.
In April 12th, China Company announced in Chinese Bausch &amp; Lomb voluntarily stop selling American Bausch &amp; Lomb Runming hydrogel nursing liquid.
In April 29th the Bausch &amp; Lomb China Company said, "Runming hydrogel import nursing liquid" in Chinese has to stop all sales, still on sale is homebred run Mingxin concept of removing protein nursing liquid products.
Recently the federal Centers for Disease Control and prevention America announced, 15 patients surveyed using a Bausch &amp; Lomb run Mingxin concept of removing protein whole nursing liquid (ReNuMultiPlus), so this kind of care solution was also included in the scope of investigation.