On the leg raise is very popular in the University of flexion and extension
Error: raising leg flexion extension strength training can eliminate excess fat belly, and the belly line helps firm.
The truth: the separate regional training is impossible to achieve this effect. Although lift leg flexion and extension can increase abdominal compactness and strength, but it will not eliminate the abdominal region of excess fat. In addition to do abdominal training outside, you need strength training with the body to improve the whole body muscle density, also need to complete heart training plan to burn body fat and Kaluri (heart training can choose to trot or brisk walking, 5 days a week, at least 30 minutes each time). Don't forget the training must have a healthy diet supplement, but also need to know is, also have influence whether has the genetic gene of the flat belly.
A mixed sit ups
Error: sit ups for abdominal training is not a particularly safe or not very effective.
The truth: do not participate in the strength training in the hip muscles case, sit ups would be a good simple and effective way to exercise abdominal muscles. Research on Wayne American fitness expert at Quincy City
Dr. Westcott according to the negative criticism explained: we suggest that the contraction of muscle tight buttocks, back under partial part pain often people don't do sit ups, because they are likely to cause because of the buttocks contraction muscle and make UPS effect is not obvious, and cause the body situation worse. But in fact, the vast majority of people is able to sit up as good abdominal training mode.
To safely complete a full sit ups, provided leg flexion and extension is essential. Either sit ups, or lift leg flexion movements, efforts are not too big, but need to amplitude and frequency can not reach jerry. For example, sit ups, need to be mentioned is almost straight body posture. If the neck pain, can put a pillow on the back of the neck support.
Questions about whether exercise every day
Myth: if you want to have a firm flat stomach, need to do abdominal training, every day, once the lax, little pork and grow back.
Truth: Although the abdominal muscle toughness on the edge, not like other parts of the muscle change dramatically in a lot of training, but also easy to recover quickly, but they also need time to rest, recover and rebuild muscle tissue. Professional physical trainer suggested in one week, please do abdominal training non continuous four days.
About abdominal training in all training a few
Error: should in all physical training last abdominal training.
The truth: some statement is true, for example, the most strength in a training session before half part. If you want to squat or multiple muscle groups do under the training, such as push ups or striding protrusive need a great deal of balance training, in most cases, finally do abdominal training is more appropriate, because it plays a major part in your training plan is adequate and effective power. On the other hand, most experts agree that, in fact, what time do you want to do abdominal training, what time to start. Always put the abdominal training on the final question is, have you usually run out of time and physical strength training program, and abdominal training will settle a matter by leaving it unsettled.
About how many practices to bear fruit
Error: the abdominal muscles is not easy to change, the fat also short-term difficult to eliminate, so need to do hundreds of repetitive training in order to see the effect of.
The truth: compared to other parts of the body muscles, abdominal muscles do more endurance. But this does not mean the elimination of abdominal fat need to process is very long and hard. To get the best effect of the essentials, is to use the right way, slow, controlled movement. If training properly, more than two to three sets of 25 repetitions of the training is not absolutely necessary. Quality matters more than quantity.