In April 12th, Beijing Bausch &amp; Lomb ReNu MoistureLoc finally announced, it will stop the sale of imported "". This is used for contact lens care medicine, it is said that may lead to fungal infection keratitis. This decision than in Singapore, Hongkong late in recent two months. As early as in February 20th, Singapore Ministry of Health decided, suspended the use of this care solution, "until the investigation results officially announced so far".
According to published reports, to April 12th, the relevant responsible person "in the State Food and drug administration again met with the general manager of Beijing Bausch &amp; Lomb after", and "put forward a request"'s handling of the incident, Beijing Bausch &amp; Lomb has finally made a "sale" decision.
Keratitis how terrible, in addition to the relevant experts and patients, few people may say clearly. Search can surprise you: fungal keratitis is a blinding rate is high, and is difficult to treat infections diseases. Potentially blinding, presumably has seriously.
But Beijing Bausch &amp; Lomb action, rather than Singapore and Hongkong, even more than the already slow tempo of Malaysia (March 15th decided to "lock up") slower. You can think of, if not the relevant person in charge of the "appointment again", "ask", Is it right? This products will continue to sell in the China? Although China "ReNu MoistureLoc" only 2% from import.
Slower than in more than that. If you think of similar incidents in the past one or two years: tonyred, malachite green, GM soy milk and so on, those in the overseas has much raise a Babel of criticism of food safety incidents, in China, seemed to slow the half clap. On the one hand, the relevant departments China "pay close attention to"; on the other hand, Related Companies with certainty, big hair "Declaration", but also does business -- unless the time to really do not go down.
Business people "walk" is understandable, who wants to do good business to stop?
But as managers, especially those who have oversight responsibility of the managers, if they are "slow", as some unreasonable. You get people to pay you, should be responsible to the people.
Arguably, the system construction (including construction of law) "lag" can be understood: current alien, the original system (legal) can not be "updated", and then to make corresponding adjustment, this is common sense. Therefore, it requires the system construction have a certain advance need to reserve space for future changes, "current affairs".
But in the Chinese, this "advance" is often not easy to see, it is "lag" everywhere. "Environmental protection law" in 1987, it has been almost 20 years; "energy saving law" in 1997, has nearly 10 years -- those related to the development of economy law, and finally in the recently started revising pace.
Others, though may have been more than 20 years, but still with the old "Almanac" see "new fortune". For example China tap water standard, that is the formulation of the last century and early 80's, but still in use. The funny thing is, has already been the country banned the production of "six six six", "DDT" and other pesticides, even in the more than 30 indicators that only a system is in awesomely row.
The relevant department to modify this standard schedule, are also said to have "arrangement" for five or six years. Comparison of his country every few years will "keep pace with the times" to modify these indicators of speed, may be more than slow half racket.
Every day we have to drink water, but the water standard has not out. Sadly, not modify how difficult these technical indicators, is not Chinese lack of experts, the corresponding organization, but related to the "director" in these years more debate: who is qualified, make power leading this standard.
Come to think of it, than it is to the relevant departments "unresponsive" more serious matter.
