Puberty is a modulated by several factors "physiological and psychological" process, these factors include: racial, cultural, geographical, social economy, the living conditions and so on. From look on the whole, because of changes in factors of the improvement of life level, improved nutrition and social activities increased and culture health and other aspects of the modern people, the advent of puberty is becoming faster and faster, but whether individual puberty is slightly faster or slower, are a normal phenomenon, need not worry.
But if the individual adolescent to too early and lag, then it should be attention, to quickly determine the specific situation, and the corresponding treatment. How to judge whether the development of normal? What treatment methods for abnormal development?
Sohu Health invited Peking Union Medical College Hospital professor Wu Xueyan and Dr. Li Naishi guest experts online interview, talking about the abnormal growth and development with friends.
Interview topics: abnormal growth and development
Interview time: May 29th 15:00-16:30
Interview place: Sohu Health experts online interview (address released later)
&amp;lt; &amp;gt &amp;lt; pre questions; community netizen pre question &amp;gt;
Professor Wu Xueyan
Wu Xueyan, associate professor in the Department of endocrinology of Peking Union Medical College Hospital, MD, from history Yifan academician. Specializes in clinical and basic research on gonad, reproductive endocrinology aspects, generating mechanism of sex differentiation and sexual deformity disease have a deeper understanding, have richer clinical experience of diagnosis and treatment of abnormal pubertal development. Published in the reproduction endocrine related nearly 30 papers, professional writing 8 books.
Dr. Li Naishi
Li Naishi, Department of Endocrinology Peking Union Medical College Hospital chief physician, MD, graduated from Peking Union Medical College, Shi Cong academician Shi Yifan. Clinical and basic research is committed to long-term growth abnormalities of endocrine disease, short stature, precocious puberty, hypogonadism experience rich. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
