Vioxx was brought to the painkiller market haze long has not dispersed, but this does not explain the demand of the market in the reduction of. Established in the realistic demand, the decline of COX-2 inhibitors, will inevitably lead to a filler. Not long ago, our country Henan Shuaike pharmaceutical and Guizhou Yibai has announced it will rely on the new painkillers to enter the field, a "share" war has apparently shortness expansion.
The enormous potential of analgesic drug market has been the Multi-National Corporation of the world, and recently their advantage position is under challenge, its reason is 2004 August ace painkiller Vioxx burst safety problems caused the market to new non steroidal analgesics distrust.
Last September the withdrawal of Vioxx automatically after our country to vacate a huge market space, attracted many enterprises coveted, last May 13th, GlaxoSmithKline has launched "Xiaguang action", trying to save the OTC ace medicine Fenbid from a predicament, but more and more domestic enterprises try to avoid in the security crisis in the vortex of COX 2 inhibitor field, hope the new weapons from the field of battle to find new analgesic painkiller market.
Not long ago, our country Henan Shuaike pharmaceutical and Guizhou Yibai has claimed to be the new field of painkillers lean on new into this potential after cold medicine, according to Shuaike pharmaceutical chairman Zhang Kejun said, Svejk development Paracetamol and Tramadol Hydrochloride Tablets analgesic drugs to be listed. Understand according to the reporter, the key product is in Xi'an this year, pushed by Yang Sen. Guizhou Yibai is disclosed, the company will rely on a traditional Chinese analgesic to cut the huge domestic painkiller market.
Obviously, a new painkiller market "Fengeng" war has begun.
Painkiller market is still the gold
Analysts pointed out that, despite the current use of COX-2 inhibitors is encountered most safety crisis, but for the whole of analgesics does not constitute effect, the maximum possible this event is a major class of analgesics thereby round of market substitution, while at the same time, the whole market is still continued growth.
China already entered the aging society, the elderly population in about 500000000. Rheumatism and rheumatoid arthritis, scapulohumeral periarthritis, cervical spondylosis, hyperosteogeny diseases in the elderly or middle-aged adults are common and frequently occurring disease, in patients with various pain symptoms in the elderly population accounts for about 65%, and the increasing number of this group is still.
In addition, with the development of the manufacturing industry of our country country's rising status, the number of rapid expansion of industrial workers, long-term work easily lead to all kinds of body strain and joint pain, therefore, the group has become another large group of pain medicine consumption. Since the introduction of computer tools, people's work and life style has undergone a fundamental change, long-term meditation gave birth to the emergence of this population various pain, this is another important factor causing pain population growth.
According to IMS international consulting company forecast, in 2005, the global market reached a total of more than $80000000000 analgesics. At present, the United States, Europe and Japan is the world's largest painkiller market, over the past 30 years painkiller market sales have been rising steadily. Domestic data shows: China's OTC market on the rapid growth of sales after the painkillers, cold medicine, about accounted for 20% proportions.
At the same time, the current medical pay more attention to the quality of life of the patients, suffering from various diseases caused by treatment of pain has also spawned new painkiller market. In the case of cancer pain,
According to statistics from China's Ministry of health show that in twentieth Century 90 of China's tumor incidence rate has risen to 127 cases per 100000 people. In recent years, China's annual new tumors of 1600000 ~ 1700000 people, died of malignant tumor number amounts to 1400000 people, the total number of tumor patients was estimated at around 4500000. At least 1 / 3 there exists different degree of pain in patients with advanced tumor patients, which accounted for 60% ~ 90%.
Market reshuffle
Because the use of painkillers fields and wide, so all kinds of drug use can not be generalized, but analysis of prescription plate hospital, at present there are four main classes of analgesics, respectively, opioid analgesics, non steroidal analgesics, plant analgesic and anti migraine agents. Non steroidal analgesics had been high hopes, the trend of development in the Vioxx and Celebrex and a number of new drugs under the impetus of the whole market is very gratifying. In 1998, a non steroidal anti-inflammatory drug consumption sum of the national 14 typical cities network hospital for 99033000 yuan, to 2002 has increased to $140223000 (see Table 1).
But the safety problems caused by non steroidal analgesics, the market has gradually decline, and opioids are on the rise, the market to replace the phenomenon more obvious each other. To use more cancer pain as an example, in 2002 ~ 2004 sample hospital analgesic drug use (see Table 2), opioid analgesics market share rose from 62.4% in 2002 to 68.4% in 2004. While the non steroidal analgesics share but from 2002 34.4% drop to 29.2% in 2004.
In opioid analgesics, at present is mainly composed of tramadol, fentanyl and morphine led the 3 varieties, three varieties accounted for the entire opioid drugs using the amount of more than 70% (see chart).
Fentanyl for artificial photosynthesis