The incidence rate of malignant lymphoma showed a rising trend year by year, the morbidity and mortality have been ranked in all kinds of malignant tumors (special interview) the position 5~6. The diagnostic level of its reasons and malignant lymphoma improve, on the other hand and immune diseases increased, accept the increase of organ transplant and application of immunosuppressive patients, as well as some pathogenic microorganisms, such as HIV, EBV, HTLV, HHV-6/8, HCV and other viral infections has increased.
In recent years, with the deepening of cognition and understanding on the biological characteristics of tumor cells, has provided a new approach for the treatment of malignant lymphoma, such as CHOP, ABVD and other experiential chemotherapeutic scheme for the successful application of the lymphoma, cured rate has been greatly improved, the program will soon be as first-line therapy in lymphoma. Hodgkin's lymphoma can be divided into indolent and aggressive lymphoma. Patients with indolent lymphoma eventually because of the natural history of disease and death and disease, the transformation to large cell or more aggressive lymphoma. Therefore, clinicians should be on low grade malignant lymphoma is very early treatment on them, or to seek new methods of transforming the successful treatment of lymphoma. Now, the treatment of new biological agents are used in low-grade malignant lymphoma patients. Biological agents specific including rituximab (anti CD20 antibody), Epratuzumab (anti CD22 antibody), Alemtuzumab (anti CD52 antibody) and IDEC114 (anti CD80 antibody) and watch and wait, is still asymptomatic, with reasonable low tumor burden and normal blood cell counts in patients choose.
The mid seventy's, the CHOP scheme is proposed for the treatment of non Hodgkin's lymphoma. Because can obtain higher complete remission rate (large clinical experiment testifies about 45%~55%) long-term disease-free survival rate and higher (about 30%~35%), the CHOP program will soon be accepted as a first-line treatment for aggressive non Hodgkin's lymphoma. In the subsequent 20 years, researchers have used a variety of programs to try to improve the treatment effect of CHOP scheme chemotherapy regimens, and thus formed the second and third generation. These programs typically include 6~8 chemotherapy drugs, but no one scheme is superior to CHOP method. And this new protocol compliance worse, more toxic, spend more. So far, the largest clinical study comparing CHOP with m-BACOD, MACOP-B and ProMACE-cytaBOM program tips, the best scheme of CHOP scheme is still the treatment of aggressive non Hodgkin's lymphoma.
So if there is any other than the CHOP scheme better solution? Recently. Researchers proposed some improved CHOP. The CHOP-M scheme CHOPE scheme that includes Mega-CHOP scheme increases the ring Lin amide and doxorubicin dose of etoposide or join join methotrexate. However, these treatment results show that improving the degree of change in the survival rate of the patients is not obvious, however since rituximab (anti CD20 antibody) combined with CHOP regimen (R-CHOP) was confirmed that the treatment of aggressive non Hodgkin's lymphoma is valid, its applications are increasing rapidly, compared to the CHOP scheme with the standard dose of rituximab, patients +CHOP treatment of the indemnity of B cell lymphoma has certain survival advantage.
At present, the most important is to understand some of the prognostic significance of phenotypic and molecular characteristics of lymphoma, such as apoptosis, cell cycle regulation, cell line and cell proliferation markers. Spectral analysis has many kinds of lymphoma molecular types found by gene expression, according to different stages of gene expression patterns can also distinguish between cell differentiation. The significance of these findings is that the activation of specific genes, we can rely on molecular microarray technology to identify tumor in the future, if the survival of these genes on lymphoma cells is very important, so you can according to the design of new drug molecules to specific sites for targeted therapy.
The rapid development of understanding of the biological characteristics of tumor cells provides a new way for the study of malignant lymphoma, but there are still challenges to its treatment. What is the standard regimen for the treatment of low grade malignant lymphoma? Treatment of aggressive lymphoma whether there are better than the CHOP scheme? Research devoted to the development of new therapeutic drugs should eventually is expected to improve the survival rate of patients with lymphoma, these have given us the future brought many challenges. There is reason to believe that, with the understanding of malignant lymphoma, further more the existing anti tumor drug rational use, and development of novel molecular targeted drug based continuous research, diagnosis and treatment of the normative, scientific and rational individualized comprehensive treatment will be the route one must take to the future, in the treatment of malignant lymphoma will enter a new historical stage.