Asthma can be cured? Yesterday, a "Zhong Nanshan said asthma is preventable and curable" news aroused the concern of many people. The report says, "the famous professor Zhong Nanshan experts recently pointed out that the treatment of respiratory diseases, asthma is preventable and curable, but many patients don't know asthma can be cured." A reader to see after reports specifically call morning news reporter asked, "asthma can completely cure it, the visit which hospital?"
"Asthma is a common chronic lung disease, using the standard treatment, patients with asthma can be completely normal life live a healthy. However, currently only asthma can be controlled, and can't say can completely cure." The director of the Department of respiration, First Affiliated Hospital of Shanghai Jiao Tong University doctoral tutor Professor Zhou New Interpretation in accepting morning news reporters. According to Professor Zhou Xin, China at least 20000000 patients with asthma, "the study has confirmed that uses the standard treatment, 80% patients with asthma can be completely controlled or good control."
Yesterday afternoon, the reporter contacted the office of Zhong fail, a colleague said, at present, asthma can be effectively controlled, but can not say that can completely cure, "Professor Zhong" means the control".
"The use of standardized treatment, patients with asthma can be 'cured', but 'cure' refers to 'clinical cure', not 'radical'." The director of the Department of respiration, Ruijin Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University doctoral tutor Professor Wan Huanying told reporters, "many patients with asthma awareness of the existence of errors on asthma, asthma cannot be cured, but control, can live like a normal person." But Wan Huanying also said, "asthma pathogenesis is very complex, very difficult to cure, have a relapse the potential. One of my patients control for 20 years has been very good, but a holiday smoke discharge of fireworks and firecrackers let him on the spot, finally failed to timely rescue come over."
At the same time, for some "secret recipe, recipe" mail order "fake" even in patients with asthma, Wan Huanying deeply worried, "many of these so-called drug effect can cure asthma is possible, but the amount of hormone containing often relatively large, many children eat are fat phenomenon, side effects is relatively large."
To this, Wan Huanying expresses, asthma patients first to have confidence, believe that through therapy can effectively control. At the same time, also want to understand their condition, timely communication with the doctor, and take regular medical approach.
