The government will be the management of commercial bribery as a focus of this year the government system construction of a clean government and anti-corruption work. The National Working Conference on rectification is clear, the drug billing royalty and rebate commercial bribery, identified as this year the focus of rectifying the unhealthy tendency. The problem of commercial bribery in pharmaceutical distribution industry has become one of the effect of cancer of the construction of harmonious society.
Drug distribution bribe origin?
To commercial bribery completely remove the pharmaceutical industry must analyze the root of the problem, do have a definite object in view, targeted to eradicate corruption. Let us from the medicine distribution increase process to analyze. In March 22nd, the price process of Xinhua News Agency exposure "twenty-five tastes podophyllum pill" prices. This medicine from a pharmacy until an agent (the agent) for the price of 20 yuan; national general agent which sold to over two agents to 30 yuan; two agents had soared to 80 yuan to the Medicines Co, of which 50 yuan price is that flow away; prescription fee will be 25 yuan - 30 yuan, pharmacy statisticians have 2 yuan 3 yuan, on behalf of the medicine to commission 3 yuan 8 yuan. Two agents stay 10 yuan of profits. Medicines Co plus 5 yuan intermediary fees, with 85 yuan sold to the hospital, the hospital "is 13 yuan to take the medicine", 98 yuan sold to patients, the price naturally by the cost doubled two times more. It is necessary to point out, in this process of drug prices quadrupled, form is entirely legitimate, 98 yuan price is approved, the hospital drug prices and health departments in the legal price, even through the intermediary of the tender, "benefit the people" after "be without rebuke" hospital prescription drug prices. We all know: the market economy determines the maximum of all economic entities in pursuit of profit. In this way, the high price of "new drug" not only can give others to bring the gray income, but the hospital, also can get more to take the medical expenses.
To completely eliminate the need to make greater efforts
In fact, the purchase and sale of medical commercial bribery activities, there are three key links of derived corruption: approval, price and purchase. To cure the medical commercial bribery should start from these three aspects.
To prevent commercial bribery in pharmaceutical sales has been the recent problems. To this reporter interviewed some professionals, to express his personal opinion, we list one or two: first, the National People's Congress or the State Council shall formulate and revise laws and regulations. To strengthen the criminal prosecution for commercial bribery personnel, increase the commercial operation of the standard and the administrative punishment. Two, from the source to the approval of new drugs, the State Drug and other departments to establish the national drug standards, and strictly implemented, put an end to more than one. Three, from the key to new drug prices on the price of the state approval, examination and approval departments to strictly regulate the administrative charge system, formulate a scientific pricing concept, involved shall be borne by the auditing departments, carefully examine the drug cost, really do in fact pricing. Four, the central link in the pharmaceutical procurement, discipline inspection, health, drug administration, industry and commerce, price and other departments should assume their responsibilities, the whole process supervision.
Commercial bribery in medical industry although the pernicious influence is profound, but the Chinese government has determined to resolutely governance, as long as the relevant supervision departments, commercial bribe in medicine purchase and sale of radical will point the day and await for it.
