Shandong Ji'nan Red Cross genus Pok Oi Hospital for migrant workers launched a "serious illness assistance for free" policy, but more than 4 months has been No one shows any interest in. The hospital aspect analysis, the main reason for this preferential policy when the cold is migrant workers doubts on "free" two words, and the experts think, good also need to expand publicity, only allow more migrant workers know about the policy, can the good implement.
Pok Oi Hospital in Shandong is the first "civilian hospital". According to the hospital to the person in charge, the Institute in December 16, 2005 to make migrant workers suffer from a serious illness can apply for the free treatment decisions: where in the field of migrant workers in Ji'nan city to work, from serious disease to the hospital, in the present personal identity card and proof of employment units after, can by the hospital to the Municipal Red Cross offers deliverance application, to obtain free clinic. Major diseases, pneumonia, fever and other internal and external department, gynecology, diabetes and other subjects in a free treatment of the column.
The hospital think this Huimin policy, make a lot of medical treatment without door migrant workers receive timely assistance, but regrettably, so far more than 4 months have passed, a few migrant workers received telephone advice, there is no one to come to for assistance.
The hospital think, this humanitarian assistance projects carried out so far not as most people know, although do propaganda hospital in local television, newspapers, but many migrant workers do not see the TV or newspaper. Some migrant workers have doubts on such a "pie in the sky" thing, so the preferential policies introduced after a lukewarm response. The hospital also responsible person analysis, many migrant workers are afraid of the doctor delay time, more is a minor illness go, it is not, the first thought is to go to the pharmacy to buy some medicine to carry the past.
In Ji'nan Sijian construction site, from the Heze migrant workers ODA told reporters, even if they are sick, never "to the hospital" idea, "both money and delay the time to see a doctor, is not worthwhile". Therefore, there are at most a headache and slight fever, eat a few slices of cold medicine trouble.
It is reported that, in order to let more migrant workers can enjoy this policy, Pok Oi Hospital will continue through the news media to expand publicity surface; in addition, also set up a medical team composed of experts, doctors, nurses, 15 people, take "the site", "to the countryside" and other activities for migrant workers to carry out the Party style, free search body, drug delivery and other services come.
