Introduction
If not for the court to obtain purchasing list, dealer Chen Yuyin how also don't believe that, do not want to buy their own hospital won the bid price is relatively cheap drugs, but so much trouble to buy foreign price multiplied by the same drug.
The hospital at in violation of the provisions, breach of contract, it is to do Kuibenmaimai?
This is to reduce the price of drugs, to help the people of drug bidding system is doped with too many "says": not only each "Temple" it is to be burned "sweet", "incense" less prone to "prop for".
General merchandise is more competitive price is low, and the drug is more competitive price is higher. However, the price department thinks, so far, has not a better than the method of bidding to curb drug price trend. Because the local interests and departmental interests, the interests of industry personnel, it's not just move it".
Drug dealers is hospital "rinse"
"Medical distribution of this line is too difficult to do, these a few years make me influence, especially in areas central hospital," hospital big bully ', the harm done to me."
Chen Yuyin holding a lot of material, to press down a night of his life bitter.
He is a medicine of Shaanxi province Ankang city distribution of the manager of the company, engaged in pharmaceutical distribution for 14 years, last year because of various reasons can do it no more.
Chen Yuyin age 49, looked younger than the actual age of some. He is wearing a red shirt, wearing a red belt, seem a bit funny.
"This is my this animal year, wife let wear, said to be wearing red can be around luck." Chen Yuyin explained that some feel shy.
Chen Yuyin said, his years' bad luck.
In 2001, Shaanxi province and the country, to curb high prices, began to carry out the tender unified purchasing of drugs. Chen Yuyin built up a silver Xin Medicines Co, distribution is mostly famous pharmaceutical products. Therefore, the successful rate is high. By 2001, more than 10, by 2002, more than 80. He then and more than 20 hospital signed a supply contract, single and Ankang Central Hospital has signed 13 varieties, the total amount of 870000 yuan.
But to his surprise, Ankang Central Hospital only scored his 50000 yuan of goods, never. Phone interview, when will be of no avail. Turn to another hospital, but was unable to pin down early ready to of inventory, and finally had to return the pharmaceutical factory. Chen Yuyin therefore suffered great losses. Not only that, even had received 50000 yuan of drugs and devices, Ankang Central Hospital has unwilling to pay the goods.
Why buy only expensive hospital
The limit of Chen Yuyin had to initiate proceedings, demands for Ankang Central Hospital of liability for breach of contract. After the indictment, Chen Yuyin to the court for the procurement list of medical retrieval of Ankang Central Hospital of the year. From 6 kinds of medicines and medical instruments for court to obtain the list, Chen Yuyin found a makes him incredibly shady.
Chen Yuyin to reporters one one examples:
A method called interferon injection, Yinxin company price is 28 yuan a manufacturer in Shanghai is a well-known domestic pharmaceutical companies; and a common pharmaceutical Ankang Central Hospital buy is a product of Shenzhen City, and every price as high as 63 yuan;
A capsule called Li Fuping, Yin Xin company's price is 12.5 yuan per bottle, bottle and Ankang Central Hospital purchasing price is 21 yuan, almost twice as high as the;
A disposable syringe, Yinxin company international price is 0.28 yuan each, Ankang Central Hospital purchasing each 0.5 yuan, it is almost twice as high as the;
A transfusion device, Ankang Central Hospital buy is not successful products, but not to buy Silver Xin company price bid winning products.
Calculation only from 6 kinds of medicine and equipment procurement list out, Ankang Central Hospital will spend about four hundred thousand yuan. It is reported, Ankang Central Hospital 1 years purchasing drugs and equipment more than two thousand, more than the expenses of unimaginable.
Accordingly, Chen Yuyin asked the court for Ankang Central Hospital responsibility, but the sentence was passed, as long as the repayment of the calendar year in the court of Ankang Central Hospital silver Xin company 120000 yuan of money and interest, not to mention all the other. Chen Yuyin refuses to accept, and a separate request Ankang Central Hospital to compensate him can get benefit (or expected benefits) 1500000 yuan, the first instance dismissed, is playing the second instance.
"I don't light a lawsuit, but also expose their purchasing drugs in shady." Chen Yuyin said.
After the purchase of insider exposure
The old Chen Zhen to disclose the problem out, tell him to the relevant departments.
In February 20th this year, a local media after investigation and verification, the Ankang Central Hospital drug procurement problems exposed to the light. The report disclosed the above situation, put forward a question: at the Central Hospital in violation of the provisions, breach of contract, in order to do Kuibenmaimai?
Subsequently, the Ankang City Council office and the Municipal Health Bureau formed an investigation team to understand the situation, after two weeks to write the report of investigation, but no substantial treatment in Ankang Central Hospital.
So how to Ankang Central Hospital situation now? Drug procurement do bidding results are?
The reporter asked to see this year's procurement list in Ankang Central Hospital, rejected. The hospital responsible person said, must be made by the superior competent department approval to provide. The reporter also proposes a single look at purchasing situation this year 6 kinds of drugs by the newspaper mentioned, person in charge agreed, but so far not provided.
Reporters saw at the Ankang Central Hospital, hospital, collar