2006 "Red Cross Week" launched in Beijing, the Red Cross will subsidize farmers to join the new rural cooperative medical system
The 8 day, hematopoietic stem cell donor Shang Haitao (former right) and transplant patients Sun Zengnian (before) to start the ceremony to accept a reporter to interview in "the Red Cross Week". On the same day, 6 celebrities get "love ambassador" title, and another 14 people being hired as honorary director of "China red cross". Xinhua News Agency reporter He Junchang perturbation
The 8 day is the World Red Cross Day, 2006 year Chinese "Red Cross Week" was launched in Beijing, looking to raise social donations, to make "health assistance into farmhouse", help poor farmers to join the new rural cooperative medical system (referred to as "the new rural cooperative medical system"), on the poor and sick farmers sent to medical assistance.
On the same day, Bai Yansong, Pu Cunxin, Yao Ming, Yang Lan, Chen Hong, Zhou Tao 6 a public figure employed as "China Red Cross ambassador". The starting ceremony scene, philanthropist Li Chunping donated 10000000 yuan, to fund more farmers to participate in the "new rural cooperative China".
The new rural cooperative medical system is currently China government efforts to promote in the hundreds of millions of farmers in the form of mutual medical insurance. As of early this year, the new rural cooperative medical system pilot in the country have been extended to 671 counties, benefiting 177000000 farmers.
In 2006, the government proposed the new rural cooperative medical China goal is to extend to 40% of counties, the central and local governments to participate in cooperative medical care for farmers subsidy standard increased from 20 yuan to 40 yuan.
Chinese Red Cross yesterday also commitment to the community, around the Red Cross organizations at all levels will locally extensive health assistance for activities into the farm, farmers songyisongyao sent to health; at the same time, the Red Cross also to the community issued a call, hope wide collect donations, Fu Ji China farmers health.
Yesterday, China Red Cross foundation, the implementation of the "Red Cross Angel plan" received from the community of nearly 20000000 yuan of money and property. China red foundation above all donated funds and materials will be committed to the national 18 provinces and 29 "new rural cooperative medical system" pilot counties, used to support the local poor farmers access to healthcare etc..
- site
Bai Yansong: "ambassador" is not only the title, but the responsibility
Invited representatives of 6 "love ambassador" speech, "Mingzui" Bai Yansong opening the first sentence is: golden week for everyone concerned about their own leisure, golden week after the first day of work, we should start to focus more on others. This is the gist of "Red Cross Week" where.
Bai Yansong admits his fear and loathing "image ambassador" become a hanging in the wall testimonials, he said, "I hope that 'love ambassador' is a ticket, take the public an open red cross train, everywhere care, help the weary man." Talking about this year's "Red Cross Week" theme, Bai Yansong elaborated for pay attention to rural areas, farmers and attention.
As a news presenter, Bai Yansong said he had done a lot about peasant reports, to do can still clearly remember, now in rural areas, and mother and her husband held the candle, helping his wife birth scene; there are a lot of old people and children, dear people died in his back, it is family back they trudged disease, rugged mountain road, the road to seek.
Bai Yansong said: "I hope 'love ambassador' is not just a title, and be my future job responsibilities."
