Is the domestic first hotline, volunteer ear Shanghai to provide psychological laws and AIDS counseling
Times News (reporter Wei Lina) yesterday, the first domestic service to gay people free comprehensive service hotline (8009881929) open. Hotline set up in Guangzhou Shanghai, professional knowledge by gay volunteers, including psychological, to provide legal consultation and AIDS Advisory Services for the gay population. Hotline need not provide personal information to get help, this is the first time in similar hotline.
The volunteers have medical professional background
In May 8th, China's first gay people free counseling hotline by the Chi Heng Foundation support open. The hotline number is 8009881929, mobile phone users dial 021-63804448 (non service in time for a voice response). Hotline points fall Shanghai Guangzhou, including service content of three aspects, including Shanghai volunteers responsible for answering the gay counseling and legal consultation, Guangzhou volunteers responsible for the AIDS Advisory answer gay.
According to the hotline of Guangzhou team leader Xiao Dong, Guangzhou has more than a dozen volunteers, including the youngest twenty years old, college students.
According to introducing, answering hotline volunteers with more medicine, psychology and sociology of education background, and had received training in the relevant knowledge. Three legal professional volunteer, responsible for legal advice in recent years, has provided legal assistance for a number of cases involving gay rights case.
Caller without the need to provide personal information
Currently there are multiple cities such hotline, but the service is relatively single, most just as gay emotional talk channels. Has opened three years in Guangzhou "love care" hotline has been expanded in the service content, mainly for the country to provide relevant information for prevention and detection of HIV infection, and to provide the corresponding psychological guidance.
In recent years, involving a variety of legal issues of gay endless. According to that survey of 1100 gay professor Zhang Beichuan, 38% people were such as insult, sexual harassment and assault, extortion, criticism and punishment damage. Because it involves personal privacy, most gay often dare not use legal means to protect their rights and interests.
The opening of the new free 800 hotline, in the provision of legal aid and HIV counseling, caller without the need to provide personal information to get help, this is the first time in similar hotline.
The way of asking for help
Hotline: 8009881929
Mobile phone users dial: 02163804448
(non Business Hours for voice response)
