Cardiovascular disease is one of today's most threatening to human disease, its morbidity and mortality have been over neoplastic diseases and the first. Active treatment of hyperlipidemia is the prevention of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, an important means to reduce mortality, lipid-lowering drugs has become the focus of modern drug research. With the increasing of the globe in patients with hyperlipidemia, lipid lowering drugs market potential is gradually emerging, the market competition is increasingly fierce.
Market growth speed
The lipid-lowering drugs has become one of the focuses of America pharmaceutical industry in China today, lipid-lowering drug market situation how? According to the Beijing Jiqi pharmaceutical limited company of network to provide the data show (Figure 1, 2), nearly five years of lipid-lowering drugs amount is the fastest growing in 2004, an increase of nearly 30% in 2003, followed by 2005, an increase of nearly 15%, in 2003 the "project", is the slowest rate of growth of a years. In the past three years, the sales amount and the amount of lipid lowering drugs are in constant growth, by the end of 2005 showed a sharp rise of the situation.
Statins predominate
Beijing Jiqi pharmaceutical limited company of network to provide the data show, in 2005 the lipid-lowering drugs market is still statins to occupy the dominant position, with simvastatin, lovastatin, pravastatin sodium represented, together accounted for 69% of the market share; the second is non class, with a 16% share, the main varieties of fenofibrate, gefitinib, benzene Betsey Zabete; the remaining 15% share occupied by Xuezhikang and other drugs, including Xuezhikang share the most, 8% (Figure 3).
In recent years, lipid-lowering drug sales ranking (Table 1), into the top ten breed basically stable, but in 2005 because of the intervention of Xuezhikang, put the PGMs out of the top ten. In general, the position of each variety lifting range is not big, simvastatin continued to maintain its leading position, gefitinib Betsey has been going downhill, Xuezhikang has jumped into the top four.
In three varieties of leading, simvastatin and fenofibrate nearly two years of flat sales, even the former also experienced a small decline, only pravastatin sodium amount of sales continued to soar, the international market and the situation is similar to that of the drug market outlook is expected.
In the 2005 of simvastatin in domestic market, Sino Hangzhou MSD Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. Zocor (is also on the international market Crestor) still occupy the absolute superiority, have more than 60% of the share, the basic flat with 2004. Followed by the Zhejiang Beijing Pharmaceutical Limited by Share Ltd jingbishuxin, occupy 18% of the market share, expanded 2.4% in 2004. Other manufacturers are worth mentioning Beijing Beida Weixin Biotechnology Co., Ltd, its 2005 simvastatin only 0.02% market share, is far from 15% in 2004, this may be related to its 2005 sales strategy on xuezhikang.
At present, the domestic market by pravastatin sodium occupied all imported varieties, the most prominent is the Sino American Shanghai Squibb pharmaceuticals limited Pravachol, in 2005 the market share of 63%, compared with 2004 almost no change. In second place is occupied 36% of the market share of mevalotin, produced by Shanghai Sankyo Pharmaceutical Co., ltd..
Fenofibrate market concentration is higher. In 2005, the market share is the largest Lipanthyl France Libofuni pharmaceutical company, occupy 89% of the shares, down 3% compared with 2004. Followed by the Shanghai love hair Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. lipilfen, market share is 10%. Each of the remaining manufacturers share less than 0.1%. The Beijing market is the fastest growing
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou is the home of three major lipid-lowering drugs market, 2001~2003 years without significant growth, 2003~2005 years but have different degrees of growth, especially in Beijing market has been the most prominent, followed by Shanghai (Figure 5). In 2005, the first four best-selling favorable Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou three big lipid-lowering drug market, respectively, simvastatin, pravastatin sodium, fenofibrate and Xuezhikang, but the market share of different varieties.
In the Beijing market, simvastatin in 2005 nearly 60% market share, while the goods in Shanghai and Guangzhou's market share is not much difference, not to 40%. Pravastatin sodium, fenofibrate is in the Shanghai market share of the largest, were close to 30%, more than 20%. In contrast, the Guangzhou market on the lipid-lowering drugs more varieties, Shanghai small (less than 10). Overall, the three big market will continue to maintain a growth trend.
With the change of China's economic development, improve the people's living standard and life style, hyperlipidemia incidence increased gradually. Statistics show that China's hyperlipidemia annual incidence rate of 563/10 million, the prevalence rate of 7681/10 million, of which need as soon as possible application of drug treatment and intervention accounted for about 80% of the total, mild cases can start with diet and lifestyle improvements mainly. According to estimates, China currently has hyperlipidemia patients not less than 75000000, and the number of positive with the aging of the population trends in rapid growth. Therefore, increasing year by year the cholesterol lowering drug market is the trend of the times, its huge market potential.
Foreign data display, 2004 statin lipid-lowering drugs market occupies the world 86.8%, other lipid-lowering drugs accounted for 13.2% of the market share; although statin lipid-lowering drugs in the domestic market share has been the past few years 40% to expand to 69% now, but compared with the international market, there is still much room for development.
Related links
Lipid lowering drugs statins showed prominent international market
The best seller in 2005 the U. S. patent medicine retail market before 20