Almost every day I have to deal with and beset by feelings of men and women, these stories on the face of it is so moving twists and turns, but in fact all the twists and turns back and even make people cry the emotional story of a hidden again the simple truth: people willing to work to lose yourself in love, and lost their results are often tragedy! Every time I repeated to this problem, but the tragedy will never end. Is the latest case I just finish so!
The man put the lover to home in the attic, such risk-taking behavior, there are two possibilities
The thirty-six year old Yang Shuqin (a pseudonym) look at least thirty years old, is a process of Academy of Fine Arts teachers. Yang Shuqin because her husband affair came to me, she saw me cry.
"He never locked the door, yesterday I have suddenly back home, he locked the door, I asked how he does not open. I'm calling to home, playing for a long time he came out. I asked him why he did not open the door for me, he said he fell asleep did not hear. He said, I accompany you to go shopping. At that time I was so happy that she almost cried, because he never had to accompany me to go shopping, I have been longing for him to accompany me shopping. To the supermarket, I do not know what people called him he left me, I more think more wrong, he returned home to find traces. Oh, I found a woman's hair on the bed, is yellow! He put a woman in the attic, and then pretend to take me to the supermarket, let the woman took the opportunity to run away." Sobbed Yang Shuqin.
"I was just about to die in the past, my hand shaking, heart a burst ofly pain pumping. How could he have lover, I how also think impassability." Yang Shuqin's crying a high to a low.
"How do you know he must be with lover?" I said.
"I have asked a tracking companies to track him, a few days will naturally come out." Yang Shuqin said.
"Well, then you've got evidence and come to see me." I sent away Yang Shuqin.
After Yang Shuqin left me wondering: men to his lover to the home, such risk-taking behavior, there are two possibilities, one is the spouse of adventurers not seriously, two is purely to find a physiological stimulus.
Don't want to divorce, but sent tracking husband looking for an affair evidence, this woman belonged to the "possessive woman"
A week later, when the second time Yang Shuqin sat in my clinic, her face except for pain, mingled with anger and excitement. "I got the evidence, indeed he has a lover. You see, this is the tracking company pictures, he and the woman in my absence and came to my house. The lady is his subordinate, I know her. " Yang Shuqin pointed at the picture and said to me.
"You get a picture of this going to do? Divorce him? " I said.
Yang Shuqin heard the divorce two words and sad to cry, she told me she can't accept this fact because of divorce, she cannot do without her husband, she was still in love with him. Besides no one in her family had ever divorced.
Don't want to divorce, but sent tracking husband looking for an affair evidence, this woman belonged to the "possessive woman", their love is the purpose of the full possession of the person I love. If they feel that they have no power occupies a loved one, they in turn will transform a way to let a loved one complete possession of them. Just as either water melted ice, or let the ice solidify water, in a word, they will take two of the world into a world.
Look at how Yang Shuqin loves her husband: "what he like, what I give him. What he needs, I make every attempt to satisfy his needs. He said he like foreign music, I will go to Shanghai to buy CD for him. He said the woman with long hair is good, and I like to stay with short hair, for him, I also never had a short hair. He is from Suzhou, do not eat spicy food, but I Chongqing, very like to eat spicy food, for him, I even eat spicy habits have changed. Me than my parents also honor to his parents, and his parents are very satisfied with my dear daughter, when I put the view. I do this job, he still have what not satisfactory, I how also think impassability!"
Yang Shuqin's love for her husband is a one-way give this love, on the surface is meticulous, the be most willing to sacrifice oneself, but in essence is a kind of typical "confused" behavior. The so-called "confused" behavior, refers to the personal feeling and believe in yourself "was not good", thus creating a false "good oneself" to please someone important and enable it to accept their.
When she has been used since that be the pink of perfection way loving husband, the husband has to lose interest in her
Yang Shuqin told me, said she grew up in the parents blame and scold sound, she has been very low self-esteem, suspect oneself as well as others in intelligence and communication ability. She and her husband are being introduced, the husband is now a decorative material enterprise boss, husband working ability is very strong, is an outstanding man. She ever since that day and her husband married just worried about her husband look down on her, so she always tried to do an impeccable perfect wife. However, she found that her husband is an emotion is cold person, he in addition to do business well, work ability, friends of loyalty, it is not liable for the parents, for she is, nevertheless, she is willing to love his life.
The fact is very clear, young Yang Shuqin regularly by parents to
