The market spread news now confirmed, three investors intend to participate in the three nine group restructuring currently have only two. Three nine Pharmaceutical (000999) recently reported that the report shows that, as of March 6, 2006, two potential investors have been respectively creditors to three nine group committee formally submitted the restructuring program and the supplementary scheme. The three nine group will be before the end of 2006 to complete the debt restructuring, and a comprehensive solution to the occupation of funds.
For the three nine medicine share reform, the three nine group said, will be based on the progress and schedule three nine group debt restructuring work, to obtain the relevant approval in the debt restructuring plan, timely and actively promote, and strive to implement in 2006 12 before the end of.
Began with the recombinant
Three nine previously announced, the three nine group had contact with potential investors, including the real group and Fosun Group, Temasek. But the three nine medicine Dong Mi Zhou Hui yesterday confirmed to reporters, as of March 6th, Temasek has not submitted the new restructuring.
The annual report disclosure, the relevant parties have respectively complete due diligence and evaluation of the three nine group financial and operating situation, submitted a debt restructuring program, the ongoing negotiations about the technical details. Three nine recent group of creditors' committee and the SASAC of the state council intends to carry out the fourth meeting, to further promote the restructuring process.
The report shows that the three nine group of creditors' committee and the SASAC and the three nine group has reached a consensus, the majority shareholder occupying the funds should be a comprehensive solution to the problem in a debt restructuring, a part of the capital occupying by the major shareholders from strategic investors with cash return, a part of the three nine group the related assets to repay. As for how the proportion of cash and assets, said Zhou Hui, major shareholders did not disclose the specific proportion to three nine medicine.
In the two scenario potential investors submitted, also consistent will solve the three nine group occupied three nine of medical funds as an important prerequisite of asset debt restructuring, and provides multiple sets of solutions. As of December 31, 2005, three nine medical accounts receivable controlling shareholder Shenzhen three nine Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, the ultimate controlling shareholder group and its affiliated enterprises three nine of the arrears of 3865732100 yuan. For the three nine group and the three nine pharmaceutical as receivables in December 31, 2005, the company believes can be fully recovered, without provision for bad debts. The year 2005 the company has been basically put an end to the non operating fund lending behavior, year increase in the amount of funds occupied mainly for the case of the related party interest or debt clean and business exchanges lead to.
Increase asset stripping strength
As part of the three nine group debt restructuring work development, three nine (600614) transfer of shares transfer procedures have been completed, three nine biochemical (000403) share transfer matters are being sought in. The three nine medicine said that the successful sale of two listing Corporation shares, will directly increase the debt preservation rate, greatly reduce the three nine group debt restructuring of the difficulties, the foundation for the next step of the work to lay a more solid.
At the same time, to focus on main business, three nine medical and accelerate the liquidation of non main, profitability of bad assets. In 2005, has sold equity Ningbo liwah Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd, Shenzhen PG Biotechnology Co. Ltd, Shenzhen City nine Hui pharmaceutical packaging Co. Ltd. and Beijing knowledge banks and other companies; clean up Shenzhen three nine Enterprise Management Co. Ltd and completed the equity Shenzhen three nine pharmaceutical chain Limited by Share Ltd and Shenzhen three nine Digital Health Management Limited sale preparation.
Three nine main business is good medicine
The market generally felt that the restructuring, potential investors three nine of the true intent of its three nine core assets of three nine medicine. In 2005 three nine pharmaceutical annual report provides further evidence for this view. In 2005, the company achieved the main business income of 2969000000 yuan, net profit of 120000000 yuan, respectively, compared to the same period last year increased by 20.62% and 116.64%.
The company believes that the increase in net profit was mainly due to the main business profit increase management costs and investment loss leads to a substantial decrease in. The main business profit increase is mainly due to the period of sales growth, at the same time, lower margin products the proportion of sales accounted for the resulting decline in average gross margin than the previous year rise, so that the period of main business profit increased. In 2005, the company main product 999 Ganmaoling, days, Shenfu injection, three nine Weitai, dermatitis equality has achieved rapid growth, the average growth rate of 36%.
In 2005, as an important foundation for the company's future development of three nine new medicine production base official start, according to the plan of dynamic compaction work, visits some of the production equipment and the elevated stereo garage equipment, and completed the overall design scheme and investment estimation of appearance, used a total of 4532300 yuan fund-raising. The new production base covers an area of about 110000 square meters, the first phase of the project construction area of about 38000 square meters, 236000000 yuan of investment. Among them, in 2006 will invest 80000000 yuan. After the completion of the new production base, is a set of production and research and development in the pharmaceutical industry buildings. Is expected in 2007 September to enter the trial production, in 2007 December formally put into operation.