In puerperium, the mother often there will be some discomfort, such as acute mastitis and breast abscess, puerperal infection, postpartum bleeding, pain, possibly taking anti-inflammatory drugs or hemostatic medicine. Research shows that drug use during lactation most can enter breast milk through the blood circulation, by sucking make drugs into a newborn or infant body. Therefore, nursing mother medication must be careful, we should rationally use under the guidance of a doctor, so as not to damage the health of the baby.
1 do not indiscriminate medication
Taking some drugs Mommy, can cause a bad reaction to the baby, and sometimes very serious, such as causing the pathological jaundice, cyanosis, deafness, liver and kidney function damage or vomiting. Therefore, nurse must be careful medication. When drug use, must be to a doctor that he is feeding, use as far as possible not through breast milk can not own a random drug, medication.
2 when taking attention to adjust the feeding time
Best medication immediately after breastfeeding. And, as far as possible to postpone the next to the baby feeding time, at least to isolate 4 hours. In this way, will bring more of the drug is excreted, drug concentration in the milk to a minimum, try to make the baby less absorption of drugs.
3 if necessary, suspend breastfeeding
Effects of some drugs on neonatal or infant is larger, nursing mothers should not use. Must use must be applied under the guidance of a doctor, and temporarily stop breastfeeding, a few days after stopping drug can resume breast-feeding.
4 the traditional Chinese medicine is not disposable
Although some traditional Chinese medicine with nourishing Yin, promoting blood circulation and removing blood stasis on maternal role, can increase the maternal body, promote uterine contraction, the prevention of puerperal infection, but some Chinese medicine has to milk the role, such as rhubarb, malt, Xiaoyao Powder, mint, cautiously use during lactation.
The drug should not be used during lactation:
Antibiotics such as erythromycin, chloramphenicol, tetracycline, and kanamycin and gentamicin and lincomycin
Sedative hypnotic: such as Rumina, Amie support, stability, tranquility, chlorpromazine
Analgesics such as morphine, codeine, methadone:
Anti thyroid drugs: such as iodine, methimazole, propylthiouracil
Other drugs: such as sulfa drug, metronidazole, furazolidone, isoniazid, aspirin, ergot, sodium salicylate, laxatives, reserpine
