Life is not a party to the other party of the "give" or one simple "accept", in sexual life, both men and women have the responsibility and obligation to become the protagonist in "boudoir". So, how to achieve the sex life of a happy and harmonious? Health experts have proposed the following suggestions --
1 happy sexual life begins with sex life. In daily life, many mutual care, mutual respect, is to strengthen the feelings of the couple, the best way to promote the harmonious atmosphere, intimate.
2 responsible for his sexual pleasure. Is mainly directed against women, women have the right to the requirements of the initiative for their own sexual pleasure. When the spirit is not good, poor health, we should politely refuse her husband's requirements. In sexual life, want to find our own pleasure, and tries to make him understand their requirements.
3 changing way of life. Long term use of a way, prone to boredom. The two sides should continuously innovate, can try a different time, different location, different posture, it helps to improve the sexual pleasure, reduce the rigid.
4 don't wait for orgasm. Women in difficult to reach orgasm may wish to try the other way of life, such as a touch of self stimulation, this may help you.
5 sexual fantasies. In sexual life proper sexual fantasy, can increase both sexual pleasure.
6 can't the discontent into sex. If because of a quarrel, sulking and complaining, and in life do not coincide with each other, or a temporary suspension of sexual life, will bring the hidden danger to the future of life.
7 sexual life be time to consult experts. If a party sexual problems, must not terrible shame and fear. So, it will bring more domestic troubles.
8 do not always require perfect. Some people (especially men) always expect every sexual experience be the pink of perfection, otherwise not era is "blame". Must know, even the experts in this field is also very difficult to achieve the perfect time.
9 don't overvalue sexual life failure. The men's temporary impotence (special interview consulting), female accident is not up to the climax is normal. Don't always hang on the heart, lest produce anxiety, nervousness, give after sexual life brings shadow.
10 sex environment. There can not be underestimated the degree of happiness of life environment. The messy room, noise interference, no isolation facilities, will seriously affect the quality and quantity of life.