In April 14th, Wuhan Jianmin new first big HOLLEY shareholders Industry Group Company Limited (referred to as the HOLLEY group) released the takeover report says, HOLLEY Group acquired Wuhan Jianmin original largest shareholder Wuhan state-owned asset management company holds 14110349 shares of state shares matters, have been granted to the SASAC of the State Council for approval and China CSRC approved without objection.
That is to say, the former holds 4.01% stake, and the acquisition of Wuhan Han Hua Cci Capital Ltd holds a 1.24% stake, plus the acquisition part, HOLLEY group has held 18140549 shares (representing 23.647% of total equity), officially became the largest shareholder of the new Wuhan jianmin.
The HOLLEY Group officially entered the Wuhan Jianmin merger cost earlier increased, namely the original acquisition of national stock prices to Wuhan Jianmin mid 2005 net assets as the standard, 8.86 yuan per share, to 9.30 yuan per share, the premium rate of about 5%; the total price from the original 125017692 yuan rise to 131226246 yuan. It shows that HOLLEY Group Holdings business determination for Wuhan Jianmin implement.
The acquisition and transformation strategy of HOLLEY group fighting medicine for a number of years, what is the meaning?
"HOLLEY" into the army
Although HOLLEY group has Chinese ranked instrument enterprises, but with the listing. And by way of merging HOLLEY group provides conversion from non-listed company to listing Corporation role of chance.
In the 90's of last century, HOLLEY group through the acquisition of "Sichuan Chongqing" equity to backdoor way among the stock market, and the name of the company changed its name to "HOLLEY holdings". Let many investors unexpected is, Fu into the capital market HOLLEY holdings announced, to the medical field transformation as the strategic target, and the main artemisinin drugs.
After several years of development, HOLLEY holdings formed a considerable scale in artemisinin industry. For example, Artemisia annua planting has formed a national resources and control about 80% of the approximately artemisinin raw material medicine production capacity of more than 70% of the national. As of the first half of 2005, HOLLEY holdings in 2005 semi annual report shows, the pharmaceutical industry accounted for the proportion of main business income has risen to 52.54%, only artemisinin 1~6 months is to achieve the main business income of 87104100 yuan, a year-on-year growth of 196.35% over the same period.
In 2002 August, HOLLEY group aimed at the first set foot in the artemisinin "artemether" listing Corporation of Kunming pharmaceutical, spending huge sums to acquire Yunyao group, Hongta investment and Keyao investment and other three companies hold 28472200 shares, held in 29.34% became the first large shareholder of Kunming pharmaceutical.
Holding Kunming pharmaceutical for HOLLEY group is a meaning, is holding the right after HOLLEY holdings have second listing Corporation; two is the raw material, preparation of artemisinin for HOLLEY holdings on the middle and lower reaches of industry and Kunming pharmaceutical artemisinin to create complementary win-win high platform, so as to consolidate the HOLLEY group in the domestic leading position of artemisinin the class of drugs.
The acquisition of state shares and the Wuhan Jianmin control firmly in hand, in addition to highlight the intention of HOLLEY group expansion strategy, give investors the most direct impression, HOLLEY group through capital operation good, have created a "HOLLEY".
"Industrial chain" lengthening
In the acquisition of Kunming pharmaceutical shares after the HOLLEY group, benefit and more than artemisinin. Artemisinin Kunming pharmaceutical to artemether represented accounted for the main proportion is not large, natural plant medicine with Yunnan characteristics, such as three seven, Gastrodia elata, yellow rattan series of plant medicine is the dominant products of Kunming pharmaceutical. Therefore, from the broad sense, HOLLEY group through the acquisition process with the extension of industry chain to a new field. Extended from pure artemisinin drug business to include a variety of plant medicine, chemical medicine field management.
Similarly, the acquisition of Wuhan Jianmin equity and achieve the holding operation, marks the HOLLEY group's pharmaceutical industry chain and further effectively lengthened.
Data shows, Wuhan Jianmin is one of base of production of countrywide key medication for children, mainly in Chinese medicine production and operation. Since listing in 2004, Wuhan Jianmin two investment attract sb.'s attention: one is the last May expensive and Wuhan Dapeng Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd., Wuhan modern Chinese medicine industrialization Limited jointly established Wuhan Jianmin Dapeng Pharmaceutical Co Ltd, the purpose is to promote a kind of traditional Chinese medicine in vitro cultivated calculus bovis industrialization; the two is the same year invested 30600000 yuan, on Kyushu group under the Shandong Medicine Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Shandong Yaoshan) share capital increase, Wuhan Jianmin accounts for 51% of the company's rights and interests. It is understood, 5 years later, in vitro cultivated calculus bovis after the project, will bring a total of nearly the main business income of 500000000 yuan and 63340 yuan of profits for the Wuhan jianmin. In 2005 2006, while Shandong Yaoshan respectively Wuhan Jianmin new main business income of 700000000 yuan and 1000000000 yuan.
The acquisition of Wuhan Jianmin makes HOLLEY group is to seize the children's Chinese medicine industry field, but also caught in vitro bezoar industrialization project. At the same time, Wuhan Jianmin and Kyushu in the pharmaceutical business cooperation, make HOLLEY group also can be obtained from commercial pharmaceutical field returns.