The causes of male infertility has a lot of, according to the survey, cause of male factor infertility accounted for 40%, women accounted for 40%, the two sides factors accounted for 20%.
Female infertility factors are the following several points: 1, ovarian lesions, hypothalamus pituitary disorders, systemic disease caused by anovulation. 2, tubal factor is the most common cause of infertility factors. 3, uterine cervix, vagina and other factors, such as uterine congenital malformations, submucous myoma of uterus etc.. 4, the same immune and autoimmune causes of infertility.
Male factors are: 1, no sperm or sperm number is too small, reduced activity, abnormal shape. 2, sperm transport is blocked. 3, immune factors. 4, endocrine disorders such as hypothyroidism etc..
Infertility affects both men and women often is the result of multiple factors, therefore infertile couples to both to the hospital for examination and treatment. Some married couples married a few years not pregnant, to the hospital the examination found no physiological reasons, then, they need to pay attention to the habits and customs, have no the following factors may cause infertility.
The ten factors may cause infertility in life
1, commonly used detergents. The experts found that, the chemicals in the detergent containing enter the body through the skin, the fertilized egg cell deformation, death. Therefore, the bride should avoid contact with all kinds of detergent in the plan and have children, when necessary, wear a pair of rubber gloves.
2, improper diet. Passion for slim women, when they make their own body weight by dieting below standard weight, will occur resulting in infertility. The lack of a partial eclipse of the people often prone to certain nutrition.
3, mental depression. If a person is depressed, nervous, pessimism, anxiety state, the central regulatory function of the cerebral cortex can not play normal function, the reproductive function of the ovaries or testes will also produce an obstacle, it will increase the possibility of infertility.
4, depression and fatigue. Depression and fatigue can affect sexual function and spermatogenesis.
5, excessive hot water bath. Testicular sperm needs to be better than the normal temperature of 37 DEG C lower 1 DEG -1.5 DEG environment. Data show that 3 consecutive days at 43 DEG -44 DEG in warm water soak
20 minutes, the original normal sperm density, sperm density can be reduced to 10000000 / ml following, this situation lasted 3 weeks.
6, wear tight pants. Wear tight pants is the most common life factors in testicular temperature, pressure.
7, alcohol stimulation. Harmful substances in tobacco have decreased secretion and killing sperm sex hormones.
8, sexual life is undeserved. Sexual life frequency, sperm containing injection so that each time when sexual intercourse semen in the reduced, thus reducing the chance of conception. Sexual life not the rule or frequent interruption of sexual intercourse, easy to cause the aseptic prostatitis (special interview), semen quantity, composition, viscosity, pH, resulting in infertility.
9, long-distance running. Run over (weekly jog 19 kilometers above) may interfere with the normal secretion of hormones in the body of women, the menstrual cycle disorder may. The female infertility caused by jogging, the vast majority of people in the reduction of jogging for 3 to 6 months, will make a return to normal menstrual cycle and pregnancy.
10, excessive riding bicycles, motorcycles, tricycles and riding. This often make prostate and other accessory sex gland by chronic strain and hyperemia, affect their function and aggravation of chronic inflammation, affect fertility.
Infertile couples life should pay attention to what?
Infertility patients, in addition to identify the cause of the disease, according to treatment, in life should pay attention to the following points, so as to the icing on the cake, to receive better effect.
(1) the psychology to be calm, excessive anxiety and worry not.
(2) to avoid the bad living and environmental factors. Pay attention to the protection to be some may affect fertility, such as should avoid exposure to radiation and harmful substances such as chemicals and heavy metals, avoid high temperature operation etc.. Infertility patients should try to quit smoking and drinking.
(3) to increase nutrition, exercise. Eat some liver, brain and other animal offal is conducive to the synthesis of sex hormones, and vitamin is also essential nutrients, so often take some vitamins such as vitamin A, B, C, E helps to increase the chance of conception.