&amp;nbsp;
After the end of a pleasant and relaxing holiday, the girl's skin slightly dimmed rough, more serious can play pox, allergy, redness, peeling dry etc.. Therefore, for the beauty of the girls, how in the shortest possible time, take the most scientific method to let their skin restore to snow white, is compulsory homework beauty.
Go home to take immediate measures to repair
"Repair"
Severe sunburn: not to do exfoliating, a large number of supplementary nutrition care, this will stimulate the originally injured skin, try to choose gentle therapy, such as aloe vera, ice film nursing method, has anti-inflammatory function repair products.
Mild sunburn: repair care at home. Anti-inflammatory repair products the best home in olive oil, cucumbers, potatoes, bananas, honey, milk and egg.
Homemade after Sun Lotion
Raw materials: Aloe Vera leaves, Gan Juhua, vitamin E oil, peppermint oil the right amount.
System of law: the aloe gel juice and dry Chamomile flowers in a 3:1 ratio of small thermal water heating, water will not boil, stay sweet chrysanthemum into the bulk, the fire cooled off, filter out solids in the soup, mix a spoonful of vitamin E oil and 3 drops of peppermint oil to stir, pour in the refrigerated container.
"Notice"
If travel back found that skin damage is serious, must as soon as possible, physiotherapy, must not use makeup to hide, so that the damaged skin will not only inflammation, may also cause permanent damage, accelerate skin aging.
Tips: massage whitening
(massage icon)
3 massage skin note:
1, the use of ring finger and middle finger gently massage, do not rub vigorously, absolutely can not exert a force on the finger.
2, massage do not force pulling the skin.
3, massage from bottom to top, back massage can cause skin relaxation.
After returning from a trip trouble things really many, not just to put in the work, the skin also should be put into repair. But as long as we use proper methods, and pay attention to cooperate with a multiplier technique, turned the snow white princess, not difficult!
Repair of a single product recommendation
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Yan Xia sun Moisturizing Body Cream 200ml
Yan Xia after sun body Run Zeru 150ml
Estee Lauder Yan Xia after sun body care series. Provide the sun the most gentle care, there is calm and soothing and moisturizing effect.
The Body Shop Aloe After Sun Repair Cream
Contains natural aloe vera gel, refreshing texture, have cool and refreshing, moisturizing, soothing effect on the skin after sun. Can soothe and calm the skin, and quickly added moisture. 200ml
The second step: whitening can not act with undue haste, to invigorate the circulation of blood
"Whitening"
To restore white: need a large number of various types of skin whitening products: including whitening essence, emulsion, Detox Whitening Cream, freckle whitening mask repair pen, etc.. One of the most critical when the number of whitening essence and whitening mask.
"Notice"
If your skin was not badly damaged, so "whitening" the best shortcut is to use liquid foundation and face powder.
After sun products recommended:
CLINIQUE Clinique whitening repair essence. Very refreshing, increase skin moisture, I asked a long-term use of this product friends, her praise made me very confident of this product.
Shiseido-UVW freezer mask
Right: each mask containing 20 ml whitening essence concentrate, dark spots, freckles can effectively prevent after UV irradiation caused after sun skin, improve the phenomenon of a box of *6 film
2&amp;nbsp;