A hospital in Shenzhen recently with the local bank cooperation, launched a large medical "interest free installment" service project. As long as the patients in the bank for a credit card, in the hospital is part of the project treatment can enjoy the installment of preferential treatment, by the payment of interest.
At present, enjoy the "object of interest free installments" is defined in the stable economic source of the public, and the medical project is narrow. People think, large medical "interest free installment" should also be extended to members of the public can solve this difficult, or not a paid medical expenses of patients in an emergency, the payment pressure decomposition, to avoid delay treatment.
Hospital for patients to pay interest
For Mr Zhang work in Shenzhen in the near future, although the monthly with a stable income of nearly 7000 yuan, buy a house, buy a car but because of the implementation of the mortgage loans, the monthly income in the payment of bank loans has savings, but to a one-time payment of twenty thousand yuan's son myopic and correctional operation cost, there is still a lack of funds.
However, Mr. Zhang has been decided in the son after the college entrance examination, through the "interest free installment" approach, the implementation of operation as a son at a hospital. According to the hospital recently introduced the "interest free installment of" medical services, as long as he was in the bank to open a credit card, bank for his first "bill", he as long as within the agreed period put money in the bank is on the line.
According to a private pioneered the "interest free installment of" medical service project in the city of Shenzhen Shenzhen hospital relevant controller introduces, in recent years, in their admissions of patients, there are always some because of a temporary problem had to delay treatment cost. So they have been looking for a way to solve this problem. When they brought the idea with the city of Shenzhen UnionPay communication, immediately got their support, and decided to jointly launched the "interest free installments of service".
Only two medical service can enjoy this treatment
Unlike other "mortgage", "interest free installments of" medical service procedure is very simple, as long as the patient medical expenses in 1500 yuan to 30000 yuan between, can pay the first payment of 600 yuan fee, without approval, brush agreed bank credit card can complete the "loan" process.
The hospital launched the "interest free installment" service, recently also temporarily restricted corrective surgery and Department of Stomatology Department of ophthalmology in excimer myopia treatment project. The responsible person said, as well as based on the accumulation of experience, for future promotion to prepare, and maximum risk control considerations, the main consideration to the two project costs are relatively high, not a one-time payment of relatively more.
Without a stable income to enjoy the "interest free installments"
As a kind of new medical service mode, the "interest free instalments one on the introduction of a part of the public interest, although the service project is still relatively narrow, people think that the future can be generalized to other medical services.
The reporter understands, at present can enjoy this service is only consistent with the conditions of patients to get a credit card. Generally have a stable income, low income, real difficult people is because they do not meet the conditions to get a credit card, the large operation difficult to enjoy this treatment.
The hospital said, this is done mainly to avoid the hospital take the receivables risk.
The Citizens Advice "poor" treating illness can "installment"
Resident Mr. Wang believes that the need to "interest free installments of service" is a difficult and unfortunate family suffer from a serious illness, illness of the patients. In real life, the hospital often encounter could have cured patients, disease is treated to a half, because of the cost, but the request was discharged home. For such patients, out of their own economic interests, most hospitals allow someone to continue to take the attitude of.
Due to the current implementation of the "interest free installment" is just a private hospital, the intention of the "publicity" is not obvious. Hope that the state-owned hospitals can consider the innovation way of fees and charges, and truly let households can afford disease.
Mr. Wang suggested, hospitals and banks could consider the poor households to provide guarantee, such as real estate guaranty, relatives guarantee, social group guarantees and other means access to emergency money, then the "installment" repayment. Through this method of payment, the payment pressure decomposition, to avoid delay treatment.