&amp;nbsp; why not Westerners Chinese high?
Anthropologists have found that diet, Paleolithic ancestors were hunters and gatherers, meat and raw food, build bigger than we are about 30%. Today people in the west, still like to eat the meat and lettuce salad with blood, body still than to eat rice and love cooking Asians "a large number of". Especially to the Germanic peoples north of the Alps, located in Germany, Holland and the Nordic and other places, the long winter, sleep for a long time, fresh milk to drink, eat meat, men average height of 1.8 meters above the. Among them, the Dutch and very fond of milk and dairy products, is the world's per capita height.
Nutrition experts found that corn and potato containing clusterin, affect the quantity of protein absorption and polyamines, will cause the slow growth, short stature. The meat contains more nutrients and sex hormone material than the vegetarian, eating raw than cooked food contains more growth hormone material. Human development at the age of 12 mainly by growth hormone, 12~25 years old mainly rely on sex hormone. Nutrition and hormone levels can affect the contemporary human height, continue to four generations can significantly change the genetic.
In millions of years long winter nights, the Nordic generations long time sleep, growth hormone secretion was adequate. At the same time, a lot of animal raw food provides rich nutrition and hormone material, which allows them to look up all mankind. In animal food, milk contains a lot of hormone, it can make the calf grow in a couple of months, but also can help children grow taller lactase enough in a number of years. The most adequate milk, lactase Dutchman, average height to be human "Mount Everest".
The following optimum nutrition, sleep and exercise mode, will make your child long HISTEP:
First, the best nutrition.
Eat 10 kinds of food, including fish, seafood, seaweed, meat, eggs, mushrooms, nuts, seeds, vegetables, fruits, and some can be eaten raw; eat breast milk, drink milk (if sufficient lactase), no heating, to ensure that the intake of nutrients and hormones of raw materials.
First, the evening is the best time to drink milk, breakfast drink milk, to the vitality of the day to provide adequate nutrition assurance; at night to drink milk, not only contribute to sleep, but also helps the body to absorb nutrition. The best nutrition
According to the American and British medical experts study found that milk contains two kinds of hypnosis in the past people unknown substances, one of which is able to sleep in order to promote the synthesis of serotonin tryptophan, because of its role, often only need a cup of milk can make people fall asleep; another is having natural morphine substances similar anesthesia and sedation. So, if in the morning to drink milk, will make the human cerebral cortex was inhibited, influence the daily work and learning. In addition, the morning drink milk is not conducive to digestion and absorption, because the milk protein to go through the decomposition of the stomach and small intestine after the formation of amino acids can be absorbed by the body, while the morning fasting state, the stomach and intestine emptying is fast, so no time to digest milk has been routed to the large intestine. Again, a portion of food protein which is absorbed can only be based on the sufficient heat to form the human tissue, if enough heat to absorb protein quickly turned into heat which is consumed, it is certainly a waste of talent waste.
So nutrition experts think, the best milk in the evening or go to bed half an hour before drinking. Drink milk should avoid misunderstanding milk is rich in nutrition, which includes not only the essential amino acid, and the content is high and easy absorption of calcium, long-term drinking is good for the body is very. However, drinking milk must pay attention to the ways, the following is a common misunderstanding to drink milk, you must pay attention to avoid -
Fasting drink milk fasting drinking milk will increase bowel movements, milk in the stomach to stay within the time is shortened, so that the internal nutrients can be fully absorbed by. Drinking milk is best with some starchy food such as steamed bread, bread, corn porridge, beans the same food, is conducive to digestion and absorption.
Food with properly milk should not eat with tannic acid foods, such as tea, persimmon, these food easy and milk reaction agglomerating, affect the digestion.
Preference for highly processed milk highly processed milk, its nutritional value is not necessarily better than fresh milk. This is because after many processed milk, joined by most of trace elements or inorganic salt, but these elements are not everyone needs to be added, so it will not be suitable for everyone.
Second, adequate sleep.
12 years old the following more than 8 hours of sleep, to ensure that the secretion of growth hormone. The best sleep
Sleep or awakening is a normal physiological process, but it is not entirely man-made self control activities, but a passive process. It is not the body of certain activities according to the will of the people, that come, to check the check. Insomnia often difficult to induce t own troubled sleep. In fact, early mild insomnia, after the self conditioning method often can benefit, sum up as follows:
Ordinary and natural state of mind. Insomnia doesn't have to worry too much about it, the more nervous, more force sleep counterproductive. Some people who appear on a number of days of insomnia is nervous, think like this brain not rest, not a short-lived, ill will. This kind of fear caused by excessive anxiety, sleep itself and greater health hazards.
Seek and remove the cause of the insomnia. Many factors cause insomnia, as has already been mentioned
