Beijing of China News Service on nine May, (reporter Ceng Liming) Chinese Ministry of health for Disease Control Bureau deputy director Kong Lingzhi said today, Chinese in people with chronic disease deaths continued to rise, more and more serious epidemic related risk factors. This will not only seriously affects the labor force population health, make life quality deterioration, but also cause tremendous socioeconomic burden.
She was WHO and Chinese Ministry of Health jointly sponsored by the chronic disease global report (Chinese version) premiere and WHO chronic disease community comprehensive prevention Cooperation Center ceremony revealed, a national disease monitoring data show that: Chinese in people with chronic disease deaths in the ratio has risen from seventy-three point eight percent in 1991 to two 000 years eighty point nine the number of deaths, nearly six million, has become the main cause of death of residents in urban and rural areas. City and countryside to die of chronic disease rates were eighty-five point three percent and seventy-nine point five.
According to the WHO division, chronic diseases mainly include: cardiovascular disease, cancer, chronic respiratory disease and diabetes. Kong Lingzhi to provide the data show: at present, there are 160000000 national hypertension patients, from 1991 to two 00 two years the number of patients increased about seventy million, has become the number one killer Chinese residents. The prevalence rate reached six point one percent China big city residents over eighteen years old in diabetes, an estimated twenty-three million four hundred and sixty thousand people in patients with diabetes mellitus.
She said, including the risk factors associated with chronic disease related: Overweight and obesity prevalence rate is rising rapidly, according to the statistics of two 00 to two years, with nearly three hundred million people being overweight and obesity in the country, among them eighteen years old of above the rate of overweight was twenty-two point eight percent; as an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease, dyslipidemia prevalence in adults over 160000000, the total prevalence rate of more than eighteen percent.
In addition, meat and oil consumption increased, leading to irrational dietary structure, dietary fat can supply ratio and the fast rising cereals consumption decreased significantly, high salt intake, inadequate physical activity and smoking are adverse factors caused by a variety of chronic diseases.
WHO promulgated the "chronic disease prevention -- investment" a critical global report points out, take action to slow down and to curb the rising trend of chronic diseases has become a pressing matter of the moment of global public health, if a year of chronic disease mortality can be decreased by two percent, the next ten years could save thirty-six million lives of premature deaths, which will bring considerable economic benefits to low and middle income countries.
WHO China chronic disease community comprehensive prevention cooperation center was inaugurated today held at the same time. The cooperation center will be based on the community, monitoring, smoking, diet and physical activity and other comprehensive intervention focus, and actively promote preventive medicine and clinical medicine.
China Vice Health Minister Wang Longde, WHO assistant director general Lageri and China related departments, academic organizations, international agencies on behalf of nearly two hundred people attended the meeting. (end)
