The anti teeth group incident recrudesce disturbance, the heart of this debate is, oral product certification management object should be "health" products or "care" products.
This newspaper has learned exclusively, in April 24th, Chinese oral care industry association (formerly the toothpaste industry association, hereinafter referred to as the "toothpaste Association") to the national attestation approves supervisory management committee in written form (hereinafter referred to as "the CNCA") submitted a document, said that if the toothpaste into the certification, will be conducive to the development of enterprises.
The document stated several reasons, each products such as toothpaste enterprises are required to be certified will affect the production and sales efficiency etc..
The document also said, even if must be certified, should also be certified "oral care products," instead of "oral health" activities.
On April 13th, CNCA released the "oral health supplies certification management approach (Draft)".
Since the release date, around two words that the seesaw has not stopped. In the comment period later, Legislation Department of the Ministry of health will be in accordance with the issuance program will become the ministerial standard.
"If you don't use 'care', and using 'care', then measures will lose significance." Jiangsu Xuebao Daily Chemical Co. Ltd. chairman Tong Yu yesterday to the CNCA shall submit a give tit for tat advice.
According to informed sources, so fierce opposition toothpaste association is, once the "health" certification, will be to play by the relevant units have professional team. Toothpaste Association belong to the original light system, the lack of these resources.
"So they tend to use the word 'care', can be perfectly justifiable to authentication management into the scope of their."
With respect to emphasize the toothpaste functional "health", "nursing" in the literal meaning is more inclined to clean. The authorities are the health department, the latter is the toothpaste association.
Message personage says, now has hundreds of units started to apply to become a legitimate toothpaste certification bodies.
"The authentication mechanism has been basically formed at last." The sources said, the national dental this soon surfaced institutions and health system under the - group closely "blood relationship".
Before the anti teeth group events, are not eligible for certification of the national anti teeth group illegal certification 10 years, by Beijing lawyer Li Gang to court. Since then, CNCA emergency start certification program, at present the last words are still not clear.
