WHO 9 officials said here, if measures are not taken, in the next ten years, there will be 388000000 people died of chronic disease worldwide, about 8 of which must occur in Chinese. During this period, only to heart disease, stroke and diabetes will give China bring at least $550000000000 economic loss.
In WHO chronic disease global report Chinese edition premiere, WHO assistant director Dr. Lageri said, the current chronic disease is a serious threat to human health and life world. In 2005 35000000 people died of chronic disease worldwide, including 80% chronic disease deaths occurring in the population accounts for the vast majority of low-income countries in the world.
Lageri points out, take action to slow down and to curb the rising trend of chronic diseases has become a pressing matter of the moment of global public health. If every year can reduce chronic disease mortality rate was 2%, in the next 10 years, 36000000 lives will be saved, and the realization of this goal will be to low-income countries bring considerable economic benefit.
For the impact on global health challenges to the social and economic development to deal with chronic disease, WHO in 2005 October promulgated the "chronic disease prevention - a vital investment" global report. So far, the report has been translated into many languages.
The report fully describes the global chronic disease epidemic situation, serious harm, the main risk factors and effective interventions; lists the ten mistakes in the present of chronic disease control and prevention; puts forward the action goal and suggestions, strongly urged all countries in the world attach sufficient importance to chronic disease hazards, prevent actively investing in chronic disease.
According to the Ministry of Health Disease Control Bureau deputy director Kong Lingzhi introduction, chronic disease has become the main cause of death in the death Chinese of urban and rural residents, city and rural chronic disease rate of 85.3% and 79.5%.
From the Ministry of health data show that, at present, Chinese about 350000000 smokers, 160000000 patients with hypertension, and nearly 300000000 people are overweight and obesity. A poor diet, physical inactivity and smoking are three major risk factors to cause a variety of chronic diseases.
In 2002, China established a state of chronic non communicable disease control and Prevention Center, specifically responsible for the chronic disease detection and population-based intervention activities.
WHO chronic disease community comprehensive prevention and treatment center for cooperation in 9 days here officially inaugurated. Cooperation Center will be based on the community, monitoring, smoking, diet and physical activity and other comprehensive intervention focus, and actively promote preventive medicine and clinical medicine.
Vice Minister of health Wang Longde said, the establishment of cooperative center marks the Chinese and WHO will carry out more extensive and in-depth cooperation in this field, so that the China chronic disease prevention and control work further with the international practice.