In Jiangxi, Nanchang, Fifth Hospital of Nanchang City, a "National Hospital assured the people" --. TV, newspaper, broadcast every day has its shadow, local people have been referred to as "advertising star hospital". Such a good hospital image, has recently frequent accidents: ailment to Mr. Wan was diagnosed as mentally ill and nearly died; Ms. pan cancer was misdiagnosed as a minor illness and cure of incur loss through delay. The Academy Awards "on the website of the National Hospital assured the people", has also proven to be fake......
Minor illness almost to death
The morning of February 27, 2006, a Nanchang City Wan Jun Hong to fifth hospital, was diagnosed as "anal Zhou Nongzhong". The doctor told him to do the surgery, the surgeon is the anorectal director Wang Fuqiang. Two hours after surgery, "the patient back ward, stable vital signs". His roommate to see after surgery million Jun Hong, see his mental state, thought he was visiting the sick. The early morning the next day, the doctor on duty found Wan Jun Hong "confusion", etc. Wang Fuqiang director of the morning rounds, he has been unconscious.
Luo Ming of assistant dean of academy the said, on the afternoon of 28 experts after consultation, thought Wan Renhong's unconscious is surgically induced stress disorder, which belongs to the result of the surgery complications, popular is a kind of mental disease, at the same time by psychiatric treatment method of treatment. But Renhong still become unconscious. The afternoon of March 1st, in the family under the strong demand, the cast to put Wan Renhong into the First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University medical treatment, nearly forty thousand yuan for medical expenses have been paid by the five late.
Ms. pan Guangfeng County town of Yongfeng had a similar experience. In June 11, 2004, her left breast swelling to cast treatment because of. Considering that three years ago she had injection breast augmentation surgery, the doctor examines very affirmative ground says: "inside the breast lump is breast augmentation material can be removed." That day she made "breast lump suction art". After the surgery, the incidence of part of Ms. pan still swollen, painful, then she held several times in the accepted treatment. In January 2005, Ms. pan medical treatment in a hospital in Shanghai, diagnosed with advanced breast cancer patients with multiple metastasis. So she and spent about 200000 yuan for medical expenses.
Because of suffering from constant chronic illness, debt, Ms. pan think Dutch act, in the public security department under the intervention, it did not lead to tragedy. In January 2006, the Jiangxi Province medicine would be for medical identification. The report says, because "doctors not to further identify the masses", "the aspiration of uncomplexed disease inspection", "the expert group agreed that this case belongs to the two grade propylene and other medical accident, the hospital should bear the main responsibility". Ms. Pan said, identification of down, cast still pass the buck, "they said that my cancer is caused by breast augmentation, has nothing to do with their operation".
False advertising can be seen everywhere
What attracted many patients to cast a doctor? Ms. pan angrily told reporters that she was watching the commercials five, to get there a doctor. "The cast that is' hospital assured the people ', in fact only know to use advertising to the patient pull over, set out to keep the patient, they as long as economic benefit." Wan Renhong's sister said, they are also seen five advertisement to go, "said they do not know where the pain of operation, the results were so."
The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University one of the staff said, his relatives to see five advertising, made a special trip from the five branches of Gannan to see infertility. At the beginning of the doctor said "assured", but he spent more than twenty thousand dollars is still not forthcoming, at this moment the doctor was "out of books in terms of science", so I held it to distrust.
During the interview, the reporter saw the "hospital assured the people" of the title in the Webpage brochure cover and cast on the hospital. But according to China Hospital Association "hospital assured the people" activities of the office of Ms. Tang said, "now is definitely not cast 'hospital assured the people'". It is understood, the award consists of three organizations, four levels of selection, the five branches may have applied for, but now the archive and No. Ms. Tang said that if that is the case, the association will be held according to law shall be investigated for legal responsibility.
Anorectal disease treatment center in the promotion of the album, "without any complications", "no case of recurrence" and other words found in the eye, even in patients with "own" do to prove, and the use of pictures to make comparison before and after treatment. Liu director of office of Nanchang city trademark advertisement said, in the medical, pharmaceutical advertising, "absolute" like the word and to effect nominal propaganda patients are illegal. According to Hong business wide word at (2006) fourth article, March 7, 2006, five Council issued "medical advertisement cure prostatitis can so smooth" in the newspaper XX A10 version; March 9th they issued "medical advertisement exploration for Shi Zhen easily" in XX daily, "to the end of the investigation, the parties (cast) failure to provide for the issue the administrative department of health of medical advertising the advertising to prove to the bureau". Nanchang City Administration of industry and commerce that these illegal ads.
Medical consultation was personal behavior
In April 21st, five Council launched the "Notice of capital medical consultation Nanchang" in a Nanchang newspaper. Among them there are two doctors from the Guanganmen Hospital Research Institute of traditional Chinese medicine China: Director Wang and working scene director retired. The hospital medical department Ms. Zhang said: "Guanganmen hospital is not clear this activity, the hospital provides in-service doctors are not allowed to go out for consultation, but retired personnel to freedom, this is individual behavior."