&amp;nbsp; Amazingel been FDA stopped
The first batch of posterior of the products listed in the process, not the top three qualifications Fu beauty hospital long-term use; the State Food and drug administration made a decision to ban before, listen to the views of consumers agent opinion and convene a hearing
The morning of April 18th, failed to enter the venue of the hearing "Amazingel" consumers in the State Food and Drug Administration outside waiting for news. Photo by Yang Ye
- core tips
Injection breast augmentation products "Amazingel" at the sound of a doubt, was suspended in April 30th the State Food and drug administration.
Because the products are banned, injection of high risk breast augmentation operation will no longer exist.
As a kind of implanted medical device products, should pass strict inspection and supervision, but the "Amazingel" clearly has many benefits: the listing process after the first instalment inspection, not with trimethyl qualification Fu beauty hospital long-term use. In the absence of regulation clear terms, as a local regulator of Shenzhen food and drug administration also feeling helpless.
After receiving consumer complaints and monitoring of adverse information, the State Food and Drug Administration wildly beating gongs and drums to negotiate solution. In hearings, and listen to the consumer the agent's opinion, finally made a decision to ban.
In April 12th, this newspaper launched the core report "" Amazingel "suspense" injection breast augmentation. In April 30th, the production was stopped.
The evening of April 30th, Shenzhen Qin lady received a phone call, a night without sleep.
2 in the morning, she gave dozens of people made a same content of the message: "the State Food and Drug Administration banned amazingel".
"Amazingel" is the commercial name of polyacrylamide hydrogel. Four years ago, she in facial injection of this beauty products, can not be caused by normal brushing, speak, tooth groove shallow, cervical stiff.
More "Amazingel" injection, is used for breast augmentation. In three years, the national drug adverse reaction monitoring center to collect adverse event monitoring reports related to this 183. In April 12th, the report on that.
18 days later, the State Food and Drug Administration issued abroad food drug armed [2006]179 document, called polyacrylamide hydrogel (for injection) suspicious adverse events and patient complaints have appeared in the use process, the Bureau's Center for drug evaluation think security listed in use can not guarantee. The decision since the announcement date, full stop production, sale and use of the product. "The door of life and death"
On the same day, the State Food and drug administration to "the only manufacturer Amazingel" -- Jilin Fuhua medical macromolecule material Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Fu company") issued the "notice" to revoke the registration certificate for medical device.
"The door of life and death"
The State Food and Drug Administration in a formal decision before, had held a hearing in April 18th, listen to Fu company views, this is called Amazingel can cross the "gate of life and death".
In April 11th, the State Food and Drug Administration issued a notice of hearing on the website, asked to participate in the gallery 17 days before the written request.
21 "Amazingel" consumers from all over the country rushed to Beijing. In April 18th, they were stopped at the FDA before the door, no one was allowed to enter the scene hearing.
The same was blocked at the door, and inventor, Amazingel Shenzhen Fuhua hospital dean Cao Mengjun and Liaoning first people's Hospital of plastic surgery professor Gao Jingheng.
For many media questioning, two per capita answer to "No comment".
9 in the morning, the State Food and Drug Administration conference room 1304, the beginning of the hearing. About 30 people attended the meeting, in addition to the State Food and Drug Administration and the Fuhua company staff, and some experts.
The teacher of China University of Political Science and Law, Beijing Huayi law firm lawyers Teng Biao is the agent of consumers, through the application of the whole process, in the hearing of the.
The FDA medical device division, Department of policies and regulations and other department heads meeting. At the beginning of the meeting, a speech, deputy director of medical device division effect, a drug to the market in line with the standards for approval, not equal to after the listing can not be regulated, found more use "Amazingel" adverse events now, the State Food and drug administration has the right to change had made the decision to revoke its approval, make the drug registration certificate the decision.
"Food and Drug Administration in January 6th gave us a notice, request the rectification, and now want to cancel, within a few months to make 2 different administrative decisions, to violate the law." The representative of Jilin Fuhua company retort.
According to the understanding of the day Fu Teng, led to 2 people, one of them a deputy general level.
They argue that the reason is, the FDA has cancelled, is based on the opinion of experts and the national drug adverse reaction monitoring center report, but these basis is not established.
According to the statement, the adverse reaction cannot be proved to be legitimate use "Amazingel" products caused by itself, some adverse reactions from the fake and shoddy products, the illegal practice of medicine and improper operation.
To demonstrate the existence of counterfeit product, Fuhua company spot produced counterfeit Olympic beauty collection of Jilin province SFDA report set, and companies in Chongqing, Guangzhou found counterfeit products bottle.
Said Teng Biao, Fu company at the hearing on a very tough attitude, said that if the FDA to make disabled decision, they will bring in administrative reconsideration or litigation.
Fuhua company representatives also accused the FDA must know not clear on the Austrian beauty: all documents is inconsistent statements, there is "adverse reaction", "serious adverse reaction", "suspicious adverse reaction".
On the same day at 11 in the morning, the end of the hearing. High risk and high profit
April 28th afternoon, Beijing Huayi law firm lawyers Pu Zhiqiang and