Many people mistakenly believe that as long as the lumbago that kidney problem. In fact, more than 90% of the patients with nephropathy will appear lumbago symptom. And tell the lumbago person, most of them have kidney problems. Kidney disease caused by back pain is mainly divided into the following categories......
What kind of lumbago and kidney related
Kidney disease caused by back pain is mainly divided into four categories
A, renal parenchymal diseases caused by kidney enlargement
Mainly in acute glomerulonephritis (), (rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis) etc..
Pain: enlargement of the kidney involved the renal capsule, there will be persistent pain, dull pain.
The accompanying symptoms: some patients accompanied by hematuria, edema, hypertension etc..
Laboratory examination: chemical examination urine found.
In two, renal infectious diseases
More common in renal abscess, acute pyelonephritis (), mainly due to bacterial infection.
Pain: more unilateral low back pain, unbearable pressing and percussion check
Following symptoms: often associated with fever, chills.
Laboratory examination: can be diagnosed by laboratory blood and urine routine and B ultrasound.
In three, renal tumor or cyst
E.g. (renal cyst), polycystic kidney, benign and malignant tumors () etc..
Pain behavior: if the cyst or tumor is big enough, involve the renal capsule, causes persistent pain or dull pain.
Laboratory examination: can B ultrasound or CT to diagnose.
In four, renal calculus
Pain behavior: if impacted stones in the ureter occur renal colic, angina pectoris, characterized by severe intermittent seizures, may be radiation to the perineum.
The accompanying symptoms: with sweating, nausea and vomiting, when severe hematuria.
Laboratory examination: can B ultrasound or abdominal X-ray diagnosis.
(related links) and renal independent common lumbago
Bone diseases: cause lumbago bone disease to fracture and lumbar disc herniation patients up to see, mostly sprains, bruises trauma history, bending at the waist, or waist turning force will produce severe pain, can pass through X-ray, CT or MRI found the problem.
The strain of lumbar muscles: more common in long-term sitting or standing work, the general performance is pain, after physical therapy or after the massage will ease.
Disease of Department of gynaecology: also can cause ache of lumbar Di ministry, common causes of pelvic inflammation, annex inflammation, retroposition of uterus, general symptoms of soreness, pain, for pain fall, such patients often associated with menstruation, leucorrhea is abnormal, and the pain position mainly located in the lumbosacral region, can undertake gynecological examination to confirm the diagnosis.
(recommended products) which will turn into nephropathy uremia?
&amp;nbsp;