WHO making a daily calcium intake standards, adult day intake of 800 mg, and diet structure of most people in our country is not reasonable, intake from the diet daily average of 400 mg of calcium in the body, so the calcium deficiency is common. After entering menopause Osteoporosis will increase the rate of. At present, about 90% of the elderly women and 5% elderly men suffering from this disease, the incidence increased by 10 years of age in women than men, especially in 5-10 years after menopause is more obvious. That survey of a group of women in the Beijing area, there are 40% there are 50 year old women with osteoporosis.
Osteoporosis is first proposed in 1885 by Pommer, it is a kind of micro structure with low bone mass, bone tissue destruction as the characteristic, cause systemic disease of bone metabolism increase in bone fragility and susceptibility to complicated with bone fracture, is generally considered the same genetic, nutritional, hormonal, age, body waste and immunological factors in many aspects such as cooperation effect of.
The human skeleton is the largest repository of calcium and phosphorus, bone total weight 65%-75% is bone salt, and bone calcium and phosphorus salt is composed of two elements in the human body is mainly composed of calcium, total about 1000 grams, 99% of which is stored in the bones. While the body of calcium in the bones and constantly in bone, blood dynamic flow, when the intake of calcium is high, a part of the excess calcium through the urine excreted, part of the calcium is stored in bones; when insufficient calcium intake in skeletal calcium will be into the blood, and then excreted in the urine. The dynamic process of the calcium regulated by vitamin D, but also by the regulation of the human endocrine (mainly the parathyroid glands). Estrogen antagonist of parathyroid hormone and calcium excretion function, when estrogen levels in women who fall, weaken this antagonistic ability, so the bone calcium will be more into the blood, and then discharged from the urine. Therefore, women are more vulnerable to calcium deficiency. Women entering the post menopausal estrogen, began to decline, therefore osteoporosis in old women will become common chronic diseases in Department of orthopedics. Due to the osteoporosis caused by fracture and brought about a series of health, psychological, economic, family and social problems have become a big social problem some entered or will enter the aging area and city.
Women can obtain sufficient calcium, healthy life will affect. Calcium and estrogen levels are closely related. Estrogen is maintaining the female physiological function is the essential condition of the characteristics of female. Estrogen in women not only to promote and maintain the female reproductive organs and secondary sexual role, on the body's metabolism, endocrine, immune system, cardiovascular system, skeletal growth and maturation, skin also has obvious effect. Therefore, for women, only when the estrogen level is normal can fight and prevent calcium outflow from the bone, namely calcium should first fill estrogen. Especially the female spayed or after the age of 45. The estrogen level is normal or not by the hospital laboratory examination know. If low levels of estrogen, estrogen replacement therapy should be carried out under the guidance of a doctor, can prevent menopausal and postmenopausal bone loss. A survey of Beijing women's dietary habits and bone density can be seen, the 434 20-65 years old healthy women's bone density reached the highest density peak at about age 40, after 45 years of age is decreasing year by year, after the age of 50 decreased significantly faster, osteoporosis can occur in the course of time. The study also found that, dietary factors and bone mineral density in women is very close relationship, which can be a reasonable diet, long-term adherence to drink milk, intake of more than half a catty of dark vegetables a day of middle-aged women, the highest bmd. So women calcium supplementation should begin from 35.
Why Chinese women from middle age began suffering from osteoporosis? The main reason may be caused by low bone mineral density values or. Experts have an analogy: two people climbing, at the same time, a person to climb to three thousand meters, while another only boarded a kilometer, then two people at the same time down the mountain, the result, boarded a km soon came down from the mountain, and boarded the three thousand meters down the mountain a very long time. The relationship between the human body density peak and calcium loss is the truth. If the woman about 40 years old, bone density value is very high, so after menopause, bone loss will slow, but can be prevented, but you have got to start young, just from the dietary intake of adequate calcium and other nutrients. In addition, emaciated body, smoking, excessive drinking, taking steroids, insufficient intake are risk factors lead to calcium deficiency. Therefore, menopausal osteoporosis prevention should first remove the risk factors, the establishment of healthy lifestyle of exercise and nutrition. According to the research of daily outdoor exercise not less than one hour of women, the incidence of osteoporosis is low; insist on running every day, can make the bones 20 years younger. Recent studies American scientists think skipping is the best method to prevent osteoporosis, because the formation of the impact on the ground jump can stimulate bone.
In terms of nutrition, it is recommended to eat Soybean Milk, low-fat milk and cheese. Now, we drink a cup of milk 220 mL, about 220 mg of calcium, but some people drink milk abdominal distention, diarrhea, to drink yogurt is no problem. Seed plants such as sesame, peanut oil and soy products, dried small shrimps and vegetables and calcium content is also higher. Completely by the things in the calcium uptake drawback is the must eat lots of food in order to achieve the required amount of calcium, so also a large amount of heat, the better way is to foods high in calcium and calcium added.
The choice of calcium health care products should first consider the calcium content, followed by the solubility of calcium and