Of new parents are often the children kept crying make be tired out, so I always hope they can get more sleep. However, once the child to sleep more, parents began to worry: my baby how to sleep, not what the problem is?
Beijing Friendship Hospital pediatric director Liu Xiaohong said, the baby sleep time will generally than adult length, but is younger, more sleep time. General 1 months of age one day to sleep 20 to 22 hours, basically except eating and sleeping is sleep; 1 - 2 months of the baby slept about 18 hours, can play with their parents; a 3 month old baby is generally about 16 hours sleep, can have more time with my parents, will turn, head, will kick the quilt; baby half years old usually sleep 12 to 14 hours, then slowly decline.
Of course, some of the time, the child's sleep time will be slightly more than the standard, this may be a day too tired, too excited to play, but soon corrected.
If the child often appear too sleep situation, it is necessary to consider the Is it right? Sick. Clinical go up to this kind of too much sleep, the phenomenon known as hypersomnia, refers to much more than normal sleep time and sleep state, may be a symptom of a disease.
Cause baby somnolence disease many. For example, a cold accompanied by fever baby most sleepiness, once the spirit can be restored after defervescence, sleep is also normal, this is a normal phenomenon, is a process of self adjustment, the baby's body so, sleep is conducive to the recovery of the body. Take the cold, allergic drugs can also will appear sleepiness phenomenon, this is a side effect of drugs, generally after stopping drug can relieve. But if the virus encephalitis or encephalitis epidemic area found the baby drowsiness, also accompanied by vomiting, not feeding, high fever and so on, must cause the attention.
Liu Zhuren reminded, once the baby appear sleepiness performance, parents should first check the baby has no fever, no spirit, no appetite, if have, should promptly take the baby to the hospital, see what causes, so as not to delay treatment.