Just promote excretion can't really lose weight
Summer will come, many women can wear beautiful in summer at the same time, also in as a worry, then lose weight and become their life very urgent things. Nowadays, a slimming gum named "gently xylitol" landing capital each big pharmacy and health products shop, claiming that chew can thin face, thin body, thin legs, under the banner of "every chewing out a pound of meat" slogan, let many dedicated to women's weight loss was moved. However, it can achieve the effect reducing weight?
The chewing gum composition is difficult to achieve the purpose of weight loss
On the outer packing of the products, we see it as the main raw materials are the orange blossom, gardenia, Flos Sophorae, cassia seed, Isomaltooligosaccharide, Heyuan, xylitol, maltitol, gum, mannitol and D-.
Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, director of doctor of clinical pharmacology Institute tutor Professor Guo Ruichen told reporters, gardenia, cassia seed, Flos Sophorae these important component itself to lose weight and have little impact, in the pharmacy they can only play a laxative effect, however, these components also need a considerable amount can play a role, such as a traditional Chinese medicine taste play a laxative effect, to achieve the effect, at least 8 - 12 grams of cassia seed medicine. If the chewing gum composition containing such ingredients, can achieve the effect theory, however, the concept of "quantity" of the US is very difficult to judge the amount is not enough, can not achieve the purpose of excretion.
Furthermore, xylitol, maltitol, maltose oligosaccharides, gum base, D- mannitol these are general chewing gum contains ingredients, serve as a binder, chewing taste agent only, the purpose is to make chewing gum taste better, and we often eat the green arrow, Lotte chewing gum is essentially the same as.
Professor Guo pointed out that in the body fat, cellulose will be converted into sugar, sugar is the biggest nemesis, to maintain the body so it contains sugar not only can not lose weight, on the contrary, perhaps can only play the role of weight gain, because it can't break down fat, also can't embellish bowel.
Severely obese to choose diet pills
Beijing Xuanwu Hospital Department of Endocrinology director Pan Yongyuan told reporters that the orange blossom, gardenia, Flos Sophorae, cassia seed these traditional Chinese medicine composition containing the gum in the body of the main effect is clean stomach, constipation, to promote excretion function. These components can only to a certain extent, to enable consumers to "purge" belly. This product is very special, it does not belong to medicine, also don't belong to the health care products, can only belong to the food, slimming effect in the strict sense is not acceptable.
There are many on the market similar products, including a reporter is simple, rhetoric and the efficacy of weight loss and "xylitol chewing gum gently" almost, although the ingredients are not the same, but Pan Yongyuan said, chewing gum to lose weight is no pharmacological effects, to "chew is thin" Ladies don't try to lose weight, lose weight, way we must also choose a science.
According to pan the physician is introduced, at present medicine reducing weight on the market is too much, yesterday and today there is a capsule, chewing gum, but from the mechanism is divided into four categories: but they are appetite suppressant, central nervous system stimulant, diuretic drugs and diarrhea, appetite suppression, most weight-loss medicine will have effect, but we absolutely don't advocate on diet pills to lose weight.
In general, diet pills weight loss drug effect divided into central and non central effect of weight loss drugs, severely obese patients can choose to lose weight the medicine, but to use, safe under the guidance of a doctor at the same time, the best hospitals in the use of drugs to do before a body check, to see whether there is a latent chronic disease or adaptation in disease, otherwise easily lead to other complications.
Short time rapid weight loss adverse health
The most important is to ensure the healthy diet, not to lose weight, their health to lose. Weight loss is the result of comprehensive effect, weight loss products should be combined with a reasonable diet, increase the movement, if really quickly in a short time to lose weight, but not conducive to health. Pan physicians also stressed that "to lose weight is a process, a treatment of disease to health, should go to large hospital out-patient treatment to lose weight."
Medicine for weight loss is defined as increase muscle mass, decrease fat, increase the body organ function in these three aspects, and blindly taking drugs to lose weight, body fat consumption is part of, also consume the body to act as "health guarantee" muscle mass, if things go on like this, the human body will appear overdraw, organ function decline, serious also suffering from anorexia, resulting in severe malnutrition, and even endanger the life.