Anita Mui's die young, let "cervical cancer" has become the most let women tremble with fear in one's boots words. In fact, if the timely discovery, cervical cancer cure rate can reach 100%, and a simple smear examination may prevent at least 90% of cervical cancer......
Cervical smear sniper carcinoma of uterine cervix
Cervical smear, namely Pap Smear, we often call it the "Pap smear". Refers to take a small amount of cell samples from the uterine neck, put in the glass, and then studied under a microscope is abnormal.
As proposed by this test, cervical cancer mortality rates to at least reduce
70%. Through simple cervical smear, the doctor can detect very early changes of uterine neck cell tiny, this makes the fatal cancer even before it's really happening was the sniper, so medical experts think, cervical cancer is a preventable disease.
On cervical smears of six right and wrong
"Each women of childbearing age should all be cervical Pap smear regularly, this is very important." -- on
Cervical cancer in most cases is based on chronic inflammation of the cervix, after about 6 ~ 8 years evolved. Regular cervical smears can early find the abnormal changes of the cervix of the uterus, to prevent cervical carcinoma.
"Even if I every one to two years for a smear test, also not necessarily can effectively prevent cervical cancer? There may be the occurrence of such a situation, smear specimen collection position just missed the occurrence of cervical lesion on small parts and the occurrence of missed detection."
-- wrong
This kind of worry is unnecessary. Cervical epithelium is composed of squamous columnar cells of these internal and external, their adjacent part is called the transitional zone, the transitional belt part in all sorts of factors the role of internal and external changes frequently, it is exactly the multiple sites of uterine cervical carcinoma. Cervical smear examination is the most important guarantee to gather enough for evaluation of cells from this location. The traditional Papanicolaou staining method detection rate is indeed slightly higher, and now using computer aided cell detection system (CCT), a new technology of liquid based cytology, and update the process by which a cell divides, the discovery of abnormal cervical cells with high sensitivity, accuracy is up to above 97%.
"Pap tests really troublesome, embarrassing, sometimes let my pain." -- wrong
Cervical smear is actually very simple, the whole process takes 3 to 6 minutes. Doctors first used a known as mechanical dilatation of the inner wall of the vagina vaginal speculum, to see the opening of the cervix, and then, the doctor will check, wooden scraper or cervical brush from the cervical opening collection falling in cotton cells. Then these cells were smeared on glass substrate and / or stored directly in a chemical solution in the special. In the doctor scraping cells, if you are very sensitive, may feel cervical contracting slightly, but not pain, because there was no pain in the cervical nerve endings.
"I'm a Pap smear, report 3 years ago is completely normal, so do not have to repeat the check." -- wrong
American Cancer Society since the 1988 proposal, all began to sexual life of women over the age of 18, for a cervical smear examination every year, so that 3 consecutive years or more of the inspection report is completely normal, assessment by professional doctor can repeat an inspection every two years, until the age of 70.
"I'm a cervical smear recent report the abnormal situation, I might have on the death of cervical cancer!" -- wrong
The majority of abnormal cervical smears reported just some disease early warning, not necessarily suffering from cervical cancer. On the one hand, you should not ignore these detection results, on the other hand, also need not considered it was sentenced to death and cause psychological burden. Get the inspection report, you need to consult a health professional details, such as whether to need to determine the diagnosis and treatment of further.
"Gynecological examination found I had cervical erosion, such situation makes me more susceptible to cervical cancer." -- wrong
Many women in the routine gynecological examination when the doctor diagnosis of cervical erosion, cervical erosion is disease of women of child-bearing age, about 20% or more women sick. I believe most of people have such doubt: whether the erosion of cervix and uterine cervical cancer have what inevitable connection?
Most of the cervical erosion and will not develop into cervical cancer. The Is it right? Means of cervical erosion will not need to treat? Change and female cervical erosion's own endocrine (such as changes in the menstrual cycle, pregnancy and so on), local damage (such as childbirth, abortion etc.) and infection (such as gonorrhea, chlamydia infection) and other relevant. Infection of cervical erosion if not treated, may be secondary to pelvic infection, cause even infecund the happening. So, there is no correlation between erosion of cervix and cervical cancer, but also not to be let down.
Things to note before making a smear test
1 check the best arrangements in non menstrual period;
2 if you have acute gynecological inflammation or infection (such as: Trichomonas infection, gonorrhea, chlamydia infection), the best treatment of infection after waiting for inflammation subsidise complex for Pap smear in order to avoid the results of interference;
3 plans to check before 24 ~ 48 hours do not wash the vagina or use is inserted into the vagina suppository, also do not carry the vagina examination.
Make a cervical smear, cost is many
According to the method used, testing the medical unit