Longjing catechins to "color green, fragrant, sweet, beautiful shape, known as" four wonders, so, want to drink good Longjing, must learn to choose and brewing Longjing green tea.
In the process of selecting the Longjing green tea, "color" is the key. In general, Longjing green tea color more green and moist, the fragrance is more full-bodied taste more sweet. Therefore, choose Longjing first look at the appearance, in the jargon, is called "dry see". High-grade Longjing green tea shape flat, straight, sharp, size uniform, smooth green color. From a single bud leaf, required to achieve the bud longer than leaves or buds with Ye Pinghang, not with pekoe. Secondly, choose Longjing but also its brewing after the situation, namely the "wet look". Good Longjing green tea after brewing should liquor color light green, clear and bright, leaf shape more symmetrical, duo shaped floating in the cup bottom. In addition, the taste of the tea is good or bad, is an important standard for distinguishing the tea quality. Good Ryui Chakemikiyoshika, quiet and good, fresh and pure taste Gan Shuang, no bitter and astringent feeling.
Longjing green tea tasting glasses for general use, plus 85 degrees around C in boiling water. The proportion of tea and water properly, usually 1:50 (1 grams of tea in 50 ml of water). Brew, should first pour in 1/3 cup soaking in water, wait until the tea exudes a faint scent, then along the rim of a cup to pour to seven or eight full. So the brewed tea shade moderate, taste Xianchun, green leaf. Never use boiling water, brewing tea in Longjing, it will destroy the chlorophyll, make it yellow; tea polyphenols in tea nutrients will oxidation at high temperature, yellow tea; a lot of aromatic substances volatile at high temperature, so that to reduce the smell of tea.
In addition, but also pay attention to drink Longjing green tea, do not water is drained to add, the first cup of tea drinking to 2/3, you should drink the second cup with water, so that the tea concentration remained the same.