Not long ago, the American "fitness network" published people in the pursuit of ten mistakes, the author brought to share with everyone, hope can have remind of you.
Misunderstanding one: do not eat breakfast.
Many dieters mistakenly think that do not eat breakfast means that the reduction in calorie intake, so it must help to lose weight. But this will cause the digestive system dysfunction, healthy to human body more harm than good.
Misunderstanding two: absolutely not eat fat food.
Of course, do not eat fat food can reduce the intake of fat body, but extremes meet: such as the absolute exclusion of fatty food, people will become depressed mood, fatigue lethargy, skin Kuse, so not only does not give people the feeling of bodybuilding, but also seem like "fighting cock".
Misunderstanding three: participate in sports must contribute to healthier.
But if excessive exercise, but harmful to health. In addition, some sports if without warm-up activities, is also very easy to make certain parts of the body injured.
Misunderstanding four: intake of high fiber foods The more, the better.
High fiber foods very resistant to hunger, is conducive to weight loss, but eating too much is not easy to digest, even lead to constipation.
Misunderstanding five: cholesterol fish, chicken is lower than pork.
In fact, not all fish cholesterol levels are low, such as the cholesterol content of squid is quite high. In addition, chicken wings with goose chicken cholesterol content is higher.
Misunderstanding six: common soap wash take a shower can keep the skin fresh.
For those relatively dry skin people, every day with soap and clean body but will make the skin more rough.
Misunderstanding seven: oily skin can use moisturizer.
In fact, oily skin also need to often smear cream to supplement the nutrients, not just use a moisturizer with high oil content.
Misunderstanding eight: exercises the best early in the morning.
According to new research America health care experts, the best time to exercise is not in the morning, and in the evening, because the afternoon 4~7 point is often the best time of physical. For patients with heart disease, early in the morning or the most dangerous period, when large amount of exercise training, the risk of greater.
Misunderstanding nine: lose weight as much as possible.
Weight loss should be limited, generally speaking, the new weight after weight loss should not be lower than the minimum weight at the age of 21 to maintain a year long.
Misunderstanding ten: diet is always good.
In fact, this is not absolute -- the diet excessive or too long will cause malnutrition, resulting in decreased overall resistance.
