More and more men are also gradually realized that their skin also need to take care of. To scientifically understand the skin of the male and female skin, what is different in physiology, come and see the male skin care 6 events below!
A male. The skin stratum corneum thicker
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; than female skin cutin layer thickness of 24%-40%.
This means that:
The 1 men's skin is less susceptible to stimulation, or stimulated less.
The 2 men's skin absorption capacity is relatively weak,
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; molecular, so need to men's products are small, and contains promote the absorption of ingredients, more easily absorbed.
Two male skin more oil.
Male skin out of the oil more than women, multi 40%-70%, and 80% of men is oily or mixed partial oily skin. Male skin pH value lower than females. This means that:
The 1 men's skin more affected by oil many problems, more need to thoroughly clean.
2 male skin is more prone to dark skin, large pores, acne skin problems breeding.
-- so that men need the product texture more refreshing, oil free or low oil formula. Need for antimicrobial formulations, suppress the production of acne.
Three. The cuticle The new supersedes the old. men more slowly
The cuticle of male than female slower metabolism. Women's metabolic cycle is 24 hours, while the man is 34 hours.
So the male skin needs to promote metabolism.
Before four.35 year old male than female skin more elastic
35 years old male than female skin more elastic, but 35 years later, the male skin aging very quickly, decreased elasticity.
Although the 1 young men did not easy to look old, but after entering middle age men are more likely to produce deep wrinkles.
The 2 men's wrinkles are generated in the dermis
So middle-aged men should begin to pay attention to anti aging, and increased collagen for them is very important.
Five about shaving.
The blade will make corneous layer to decrease more or less damage, natural protection ability of his own skin, easy to dry skin.
The skin by the blade stimulation, nerve fibers will be very excited, and the damaged cuticle, to sometimes burning, tingling, bacteria can easily take advantage of slight inflammation.
And because the male beard is very hard, the skin will have uneven phenomenon, so if you need to soften when shaving beard and lubrication protection. Otherwise it will feel very astringent, not easy to be clean shaven, will be painful, even scratch the skin.
So the man need special shaving use care products shall be required before after.
Must be before the nursing is mainly to make shaving more safe, thorough, and comfort.
Aftershave care is mainly to sterilization and convergence, relieve skin, relieve dry and tight and hot stimulation.
Six about detoxification.
Toxin will make color of skin dark without light, but the men were more likely than women to face the toxin accumulation problem. Because men more easily will have a cigarette or secondhand smoke. Socializing inevitably drink, and work with a computer, like computer games. Men's faces the pressure is large, it will increase the toxin accumulated stay up late.
Deep purification series can neutralize skin toxin, promote blood and lymphatic microcirculation, effectively expel toxins, purify the skin, make the skin appear healthy skin from the inside out.
