When we enjoy the infinite space of computer and network bring, imperceptibly to pay health costs. According to the authoritative department statistics: often use the computer, visual fatigue accounted for 83%, shoulder acid accounted for 64% of low back pain, headache and loss of appetite are respectively 56% and 54%...... Therefore, we invited 4 doctors, joint opened and 4 Zhang health prescription computer coexistence.
This prescription is suitable the crowd:
Group IT, freelance writer, company secretary, super geek, fond of electronic game adult and children...... Every day facing the computer more than three hours.
A doctor working in the Department of Ophthalmology: eye problems
With the computer, the time flies in front of the computer, people often sit for hours. Several hours of continuous every day staring at a computer, making the eye to bear the burden of hitherto unknown.
Some people since long time contact computer, eyes often feel uncomfortable: dry eyes, acid bilges, feel more and more fuzzy, see not clear thing, often sleepy etc.. This phenomenon is a long, long time to face the computer display screen caused by.
Computer not only affect adults, more worryingly, the eyesight of children it day in and day out to hurt. All kinds of electronic games disaster caused by flooding water, children with time and the computer too much in the colorful and unreal world close, far away from nature, the fresh air, the green and the sun. The screen before the child bright eyes get more tired and dull, no myopia children lucky almost a miracle.
Display the ray in the serious damage eyes, these rays have the effect on the lens, cornea, causing eye edema, pain, the cornea is human neural intensive place, once damaged eyes, will feel pain, even
To be on tenterhooks. When people use the computer often looking at the target does not move, eyes blink rate decreases, the influence of tear secretion, cause eye water less and less, easily induced dry eye. In addition, long time engaged in close
Working distance, muscles around the eye excessive use, will cause visual fatigue and exophoria etc..
In order to let your eyes in the computer age survived, suggested that everybody from the following aspects of protection:
1 and the computer to maintain a certain working distance, 14 inch screen should be 60 cm distance, 15, 17 inch screen should be 70 cm distance. Display the top should be 10 - 15 degrees lower than the line of sight.
2 to strengthen the eye moisture, keep indoor humidity. Still can use "artificial tears eye drops".
3 hours of work each to see in the distance about 10 minutes, alleviate visual fatigue.
4 indoor lighting to the soft, avoid the use of computer in the dark room. Behind the display space as large as possible, so that the line of sight can leave the screen to rest.
5 the amount of vitamin B2 and vitamin C, eat corn and fruits.
Doctor: will health deformed children?
Often use computer women are concerned about a problem: the computer will not be harmful to the fetus?
Many experts, scholars have studied this problem, but has no clear results. There can be measured by X ray, X-ray, ultraviolet, infrared alpha in computer peripheral, high, low frequency electrostatic field (these rays penetrating power is very
Strong, is likely to affect DNA ray), but the dose is very small, no more than the existing health standards, so for the human body is not necessarily obvious have radiation hazard sources, at present has not found the mother in this work and children congenital missing
Depression related.
Mothers if you want a healthy child, best can attach great importance to all their problems and may affect the health of children.
Although you very difficult in pregnant 10 months dropped all the needs of computer work, but the best limit your time on computer, especially during the first three months of pregnancy is a high-risk period teratogenic.
To avoid working in a multi computer environment. Run out of computer after going to wash your face.
A doctor working in the Department of orthopedics: beware of spine arm
Using the computer for a long time, can cause damage to the spine and arms. Now many patients due to the use of the computer for too long lead to herniation of intervertebral disc, spinal deformation. Due to operate the computer must maintain a lasting posture, arm is
Hold up posture. This requires sustained muscle contraction state. Muscle tension for a long time, reduced blood flow, oxygen supply, accumulation of metabolic product, it produces muscle discomfort, pain and other symptoms. If not timely
Progress to improve, the disease occurs, muscle stiffness and spasm.
Arm strain: is the beginning of forced activity after arm feel discomfort and pain, slowly even arm of activities also pain. Finally, if the cause of carpal tunnel syndrome, radial styloid tenosynovitis such serious diseases, it is difficult to be cured.
Neck and waist strain: the use of the computer first make back pain incidence is greatly improved. Neck and waist of long-term in a state of tension, the intervertebral disc pressure increases, can cause chronic neck waist pain and stiffness and protrusion of the intervertebral disc, and leg pain, numbness, weakness also induced etc..
Adolescent posture is not good, can also cause kyphosis, scoliosis, long lingering computer will skeletal, is not conducive to the growth and development of adolescents.
In fact, as long as the work in peacetime pay more attention, and the symptoms of early preventive measures are taken, the emergence of these diseases or deterioration can be completely avoided:
Adjust the computer chairs high, making it suitable for their own body, do not stoop to
