Five one golden week ended, all kinds of "many people's holiday syndrome" began to emerge: crazy shopping, travel, fun, friends and family dinner after, the rest is physical and mental fatigue, gastrointestinal discomfort, do not want to go to work.
The expert reminds: soon to be put into the intense work, study, holiday at this time the "brake", here to teach you a few tricks to deal with "post holiday syndrome".
Symptoms: Tourism "The climate does not suit one"
White collar text as early as five one long ago became friends with "planning" good travel plans, first to the Hunan Phoenix, then Suzhou garden, has the time words, also want to go to Shanghai, the holiday arrives, all according to the plan of action, they take is self-help approach, all the way to play, I heard that Phoenix in the morning is very charming, the night before dawn just asleep, they catch up before dawn Watch the sunrise in the day.
With a friend is happy together, Wen Wen schedule full to the brim, on May 3rd, when Wen Wen wash found face when played a lot of small red acne, accompanied by chest tightness, nausea and other symptoms, infectious disease "is what?" Wen Wen hurried to the local hospital, the original is often said that the "The climate does not suit one".
Professor Ding Yuanwei digestion Department of internal medicine, Second Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical College said, this is the human body and the outside dysbacteriosis caused, he explained, someone somewhere in the long life, his body internal environment and external environment of life produced a kind of dynamic balance, this balance in its reach, especially in places far away later, with the change of water quality, soil factors, food, air, living habits, psychological thought of the broken body more or less, there will be some symptoms.
"The climate does not suit one." is not a disease, is the physiological changes of body self adjustment and adaptation. Mild symptoms are often in the stable life after a period of time, without treatment and slowly disappear. But the symptoms heavier people need to regulate under the guidance of a doctor, supplemented by symptomatic treatment drugs, such as the right amount drink more white boiling water, eat cold food, do not eat excitant food, do not eat greasy food, do not fasting to eat dairy foods, drink before some bacteria can also help.
Symptoms two: buy a shopping spree "flustered stuffy"
"The 55% off", "full decreased 200 yuan 100 yuan in cash"...... Five one during the holiday period, the merchants have launched various promotional, preferential "package", in a foreign minister Yuan Yuan usually busy confused and dizzy, in the north of the parents also came to Guangzhou to see her, so, Yuan Yuan for a few days with her parents, by the way, meet their own shopping desire: "when did not work time shopping, now also when is to relax."
Clothes, cosmetics, shoes, bags, back to a toddler small nephew bought many things: "the eyes are for sale." Yuan Yuan said, a few days later, major attractions in Yuan Yuan with the parents to Guangzhou to play, Yuexiu Park, Baiyun Mountain, Grand View of the world and so on.
One afternoon, Yuan Yuan into a building, ready to buy some specialty Guangzhou to parents back, unexpectedly, just walked into the store, the rushing of the advertisement, the dizzying goods jostle one another on the way, the crowd suddenly make her feel flustered shortness of breath, chest distress, dizziness, headache, nausea and vomiting. She hastily ran out of the market gate, took a breath of fresh air, slowly relieve symptoms.
Associate professor Guan Nianhong psychological Department of the Third Affiliated Hospital of Zhongshan University said, this is the common "holiday shopping syndrome". The main reason of its occurrence is shoppers by environmental pollution and psychological pressure is too large. The noise pollution of the environment, raise blood pressure, suspended particles stimulate the skin, respiratory tract and conjunctiva and superposition; psychological reaction and accumulation, increase the shoppers tension, burnout, and anxiety.
She also reminded the public, once these symptoms, as long as to avoid crowded places, in the quiet place to take a rest all right, she said, holiday is about to end, members of the public to clean up the mood, don't get too addicted to shopping and entertainment, forcing yourself to return to a regular life in.
Symptoms three: Carnival evoked fear of "work"
Xiao Li last year just to work, newborn calves are not afraid of tigers, both hard work and creative, very much like to leadership, holiday, for a few days, Xiao Li and friends together, or overnight mahjong overnight, or computer games, also bought a lot of food, beer, Carnival in a rented house, everyone was drunk.
Over two days to go to work, Xiao Li whole body weakness, headache, struggling up, sit in office one morning but be in the blues, the boss just told, turned to forget, had to crustily skin of head to ask again, unexpectedly to the leadership said meal, Xiao Li more anxious, hurried to hospital for help psychological doctor.
Associate professor Guan Nianhong said, like Xiao Li this situation of people in psychological science postganglionic to people seeking treatment in the majority, "want to normal pressure loose solution during the holidays, did not think of the head." She says many young people, it is easy to make.
She reminded the public to pay attention, don't play to work the day before to clean up the mood, to one or two days ahead of time to consciously remind yourself: about work, to set the clock back to the original state, so as not to work in physical and mental fatigue, decreased work efficiency.
Symptoms four: after the busy variable "melancholy"
70 year old He Popo body bone is also very tough, a cheerful person, a person living in a district in tianhe,
