Recently, a "Zhong Nanshan said asthma is preventable and curable" news aroused the concern of many people. Really can cure asthma? Director, respiratory department of internal medicine of China-Japan Friendship Hospital China asthma alliance general director Professor Lin Jiangtao think: asthma is preventable and curable, treatment should be standardized individual.
According to statistics, China currently has at least 20000000 asthma patients, because very few use of prophylactic therapy, most patients with asthma symptoms become more and more serious, a part of asthma due to ineffective treatment risk their lives. Research has shown that, using the standard treatment, 80% patients with asthma can be completely controlled or good control, get "clinical cure".
Tip: clinical cure is not equal to the radical!
Asthma control target
The goal for the definition of the global initiative for asthma in asthma control:
A minimum of 1 (the ideal is no symptoms of asthma symptoms, including nocturnal symptoms);
At least 2 asthma attacks;
3 non emergency medical treatment;
4 with the least amount of (or not) beta 2 agonists;
5 no limited activities, including sports;
6 the circadian variation of maximum expiratory flow rate of &amp;lt; 20%;
7 minimal (or no) side effects.
The present situation of our country: the majority of patients with asthma have underestimated their condition!
At present our country asthma control level is far below the target. According to the Research Report of Asia Pacific area asthma status display, in China's Beijing, Guangzhou, Shanghai three big city, the majority of patients with asthma have underestimated their condition.
Statistics show that, 43% of the patients with sleep disorders, including 27% patients within 1 weeks, at least 1 times for asthma and the effects of sleep; 22% of patients with asthma tardy, 49% children with asthma error; 33% of patients with asthma exacerbation in 15% of the patients had visited the emergency, inpatient treatment.
Over the past 4 weeks in 68% patients by physical activity to asthma symptoms, including 45% patients with limited activities; 58% of the patients choose occupation affected; 84% of patients did not know the preventive treatment is the key to prevention and treatment of asthma, airway inflammation of asthma by inhaled corticosteroids can be treated or control. Only 6% of patients using inhaled corticosteroids therapy; 42% patients had never done any pulmonary function test; only 15% patients got the doctor long-term treatment planning.
Asthma treatment should be standardized individual
How can effectively control asthma? Should be individualized standardization from asthma treatment with.
One, according to the etiological treatment
According to cause the two direct cause of an asthma attack, asthma treatment mainly have two kinds of methods that the control of airway inflammation and relieve bronchial spasm.
Two, adhere to long-term treatment and observation
Due to asthma is long-term, repeated attack characteristics and partial reversibility, so usually need to adhere to long-term long-term anti-inflammatory treatment, condition monitoring and evaluation.
Three, patient with established asthma
Characteristics of asthma at any time change of decision management of asthma most daily working needs active participation of patients and their families, the need for close cooperation between doctors and patients, remarkable asthma alliance establishment significance.
Four, individual treatment is the key
The condition of different patients, severity of asthma, there is a great difference between the symptom and physical sign; the same patient in different periods, the symptoms and signs will be different, therefore, the use of a fixed treatment can not be every patient, and should take different measures according to the classification of treatment disease severity, namely ladder treatment is individualized therapy, drug use as little as possible to reach the ideal control of asthma.
Inhalation therapy is the best route of administration to cure asthma
Inhaled asthma medicine mainly includes bronchial to beta agonists primarily vasodilation and glucocorticoid. Traditional medicine is the medicine injection, but due to a lesion in the bronchial asthma, if drugs cannot be transported to these positions, he can not play a role in.
On the market a variety of inhaled asthma medicine, patients should be clearly different drug effects and indications. Bronchodilators are divided into long and short acting, including short effect is temporary relief of symptoms, long-term long-term control of the disease, if used in conjunction with glucocorticoid, can in the treatment of severe asthma.
The beta agonist bronchodilator is a agent, also can be divided into long and short acting, acting slowly taking long-acting drugs. Glucocorticoid is a long-term drug use rules, the general effect, in about 1 weeks, must maintain a long-term treatment, with 3 to 6 months for an evaluation of a cycle. If the disease under control, can be reduced gradually under the guidance of a doctor.
Inhalation of different drugs is relatively large, including the common inhalant and dry powder inhaler etc.. Among them, dry powder inhalation inhalation is better than the ordinary. Because the former is more easy to operate, the patient can better cope with, deposition of drug in the air to more appropriate.
The elderly, serious cardiovascular disease patients in the use of inhaled asthma medications, such as beta agonists, must pay attention to dosage must be strictly controlled within the safe range.
Many people think, often with inhaled asthma drug addicts will. Professor Lin Jiangtao thinks that the lack of scientific basis for this argument.
Why have inhaled asthma medicine invalid use many patients? Professor Lin Jiangtao believes that the key lies in the patient did not master the correct method of inhalation. Statistical data shows, read the instructions to use self-study through inhalation device of the patients, the correct use rate of less than 10%. Asthma and doctor training
