&amp;nbsp; nutrition knowledge Steamed Rice in white
Some women in order to maintain the body, only eat vegetables, do not eat. Who says white eating steamed rice will get fat! In fact, the white Steamed Rice and obesity is not draw an equal sign! White Steamed Rice after the decomposition of carbohydrates can be the body immediately digestion, absorption, transformation into useful glucose, can be directly used as fuel for the body. About eating Steamed Rice has the following must know knowledge, you know?
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; nutrition knowledge Steamed Rice in white
Full use of white Steamed Rice benefits will not fat! In fact, as long as the full use of the human body needs three big nutrients: carbohydrates, protein, fat, can have a convex body.
While the three big nutrients among the carbohydrates, with white Steamed Rice as an example, the white Steamed Rice digestion and decomposition of the carbohydrates, the body can be converted into energy, and protein and fat digestion, must also produce fuel and other organs after each other. Three the nutrients your body needs known as:
A, the effect of carbohydrate
Carbohydrates can be called the carbohydrate digestion, the fastest and most easily absorbed by the body, can be the main source of energy supply activities. And carbohydrate can fully burning in the body, produce carbon dioxide and water, will not produce other substances, therefore, is one of the three major nutrients needed by the body of the most appropriate energy.
Two, the efficacy of protein
Protein for human efficacy is in making meat, blood, increase skin luster and elasticity, beautiful black hair, but only if the dietary protein intake, it will cause the protein cannot effectively play to their original function, can only provide simple fuel, as the basic operation of the body's energy.
Three, the effect of fat
Fat can be divided into animal fat or vegetable fat two, but fat than carbohydrate and protein than the more than two times of Kaluri. General fat by absorbed into the body can produce the same carbohydrate from the body.
Protein and fat substitute become method and shortcomings in general, as long as the body without any carbohydrate case, there will be a carbohydrate, protein and fat substitute. Moreover, the protein and fat before down into useful energy, and must fit through the liver, kidney to produce sufficient, can use energy, easy to cause the body of excess burden.
Related links: dieters matters needing attention
Do not because the diet produced a situation can unbalanced diet, ignore useful white Steamed Rice, intake of protein and fat in excess of the process, easy to cause the body digestive energy has contributed to the problem, so will produce more fertilizer or leg is coarse, obesity and other issues.
To improve this trouble, must for his re - set a new diet code, only the tube is during weight loss, don't eat alone like nutrient food, avoid unbalanced nutrition problems, lead to ill health or more to happen.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; recommend: left Steamed Rice how nutrition meal made of &amp;nbsp; don't use global Steamed Rice soup
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
More welcome diet nutrition diet health forum &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; come in and have a look not to eat Steamed Rice may have diabetes
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; do not eat steamed rice will probably get diabetes
If this day do not eat or eat Steamed Rice, long-term lack of carbohydrates, diabetes is likely to "find a home".
Department of Endocrinology Beijing Tongren Hospital chief physician Yang Jinkui told reporters, long-term do not eat or eat Steamed Rice, body heat is not enough, we must eat a high fat, high protein food. Fat accumulation may lead to obesity, elevated blood lipids, is the initiation factor of diabetes "metabolic syndrome", and increase the islet burden, provided an opportunity for the onset of diabetes mellitus. Especially for obesity, family history of diabetes people, more is not drop one's guard.
There are some people "do not eat Steamed Rice modified snack", Dr. Yang think that is wrong, because a lot of the India cake, Fried white radish Patty fried snacks such as high fat foods, can cause increased rapidly in vivo sugar content.
Therefore, attention should be paid to a certain amount of eating Steamed Rice cereal every day, foods containing carbohydrates according to different physical person, accounted for 50% of the total energy ~ 60% can be, if a Steamed Rice eat much, Dr. Yang suggested, meal after half an hour to exercise, the excess sugar is consumed, an "emergency plan". For infants and young children do steamed rice also learned
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; for the babies and infants do Steamed Rice also knowledge
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; parents have many misconceptions on the issue of children eating, in the production of staple foods, in order to avoid the loss of ingredients, must pay attention to the following four aspects:
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; 1, the thickness of the grain with
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
In cereal milling polished rice, refined face, vitamin B1 skin white as lost. Although rice, noodles to eat delicate and delicious, but eating will affect the long-term health, so with a coarse flour and rice to eat.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; 2, do not over wash rice
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
Rice is intended to remove impurities in the grain, some people like to repeatedly scrub, but scrub not only can't get rid of impurities in the grain, also the outer layer of rice will lose more nutrients. With the increase of the number of washing rice, the extension of soaking time and temperature increased, various camp
