Successful men how to adjust the nervous psychology of men in order to be successful, in order to succeed, and have a strong sense of competition, this time the tense, so they always in tension.
Before the start of a crucial meeting, men get sweaty palms. When he was forced to hold under the pressure of work, he gets a headache.
A day of hard work at the end of men are back, neck and shoulder muscle tension sour. After a week of hard work, he began to gastrointestinal discomfort, indigestion.
Although he has felt exhausted, but can not sleep. He began to experience a restless, angry or depressed period.
Work stress will affect any of the people who are doing the work. It is more common than line is busy with in the morning traffic jam. The man way to deal with it including speeding up the lunch time, nail biting, get up late, and rest for a few days, mandatory eating, drinking and smoking, and medicines. In the national economy hard intense a symbol period, the best-selling drug is the treatment of gastric ulcer, hypertension (&amp;nbsp; special interview) and sedative drugs.
Work related stress, resulting in reduced work efficiency, decrease. It will also threat to men's health. In fact, people have realized that, long-term tension caused by work environment is one of the most serious health disorders today. And work stress of medical problems, including high blood pressure, gastritis, colitis, depression and cardiovascular disease, plus obesity and alcoholism. Intense research in the United States has pointed out, 70% ~ 90% of the patients, its predisposing factors are associated with stress disorders.
From a long-term point of view, the work stress can cause the complete collapse of men's health. Early signs of the mental fatigue, physical decline, dynamic and angry and depression. By the late, illness into paste blind, man in the emotional in extreme pessimism, completely lost confidence. Finally break down, life on the verge of death or destruction.
At the same time, psychologists study found that: the combination of poor collaterals is an important reason, for example: caused by neurosis, stubborn, suspicious, sensitive, introverted, impatience, perfectionism, self-esteem, self centred, overly concerned with others of their own evaluation etc..
In view of this situation, many companies in the West have presented at least one tight management scheme. Various schemes including drinking alcohol from the control of their most popular drink to exercise facilities and meditation repose training class. For example, the United States of New York telephone company requires all employees to regularly check the body, and to be disturbed stress related problems for people to open meditation repose training class.
Even at home in your unit does not execute reduce tension scheme, you can solve this problem myself. It is important to recognize that,, you are unable to avoid tension. In fact, it is a part of indispensable to any work, increase it as you work pressure increased, demanding deadlines and boss temper things will produce pressure on you.
Although you can't escape from stress at work, but you can learn how to deal with it. The first step is to tension in newly formed phases found it. Continuing headache or nausea, show your already high tension. Once you have feel nervous, have idea could control it. Perhaps, you can eat some healthy food or engage in regular physical exercise to adjust.
USA researchers studied successful entrepreneurs, summarized their successful made healthy psychological characteristics.
When a heavy psychological burden and can not complete the work faces, which produce the most severe stress reaction. The extremely heavy workload, harvested little. At the same time, it also shows that most people who are nervous, often in the middle of the employee management. They face the pressure, open up the road, towards the company high level position forward, but at the same time, they also have to shoulder the heavy responsibility -- but also responsible to have the final say on the boss work.
Those questions have climbed the highest position are the least. Of course, they can to a proper extent grasp of their working methods, in the process of the work always grasp the initiative. In addition they also have the opportunity to work in the grasp and improve the new technology, the technology is helpful to enhance their self-confidence.
The strong things, do not look at the negative side, only the positive side of the. If a fall, the handle fell bleeding, he will think: thanks to not break your arm; if by accident, hit a broken leg, he will think: doesn't kill you makes you stronger. The birth of the strong make every day as a new life and full of hope, although this day have a lot of trouble things for him; the strong and the last day of each day as life, cherish.
The role of money is not very important. That is to say, taking paid workers with those engaged in less income working people almost have the same strain. There is no doubt that higher than average income can make life much more easily, safe and comfortable, it certainly will reduce the number of family life pressure, but the importance of money itself, not even with the individual responsible for tasks and accomplish these tasks using method of phase ratio.
This is not the only factor have tension. There are certain events that can inflame tensions. Experts agree that, unemployment is to make people nervous events. Any intense
