Inflammation of the pierced ears confused many women, there are no girl because of fear of infection and playing pierced ears and step back. In fact, inflammation of the pierced ears can be divided into several cases, some pierced ears out of dense water, and some swollen like a bud, more is because the relationship can play a few months has not completely healed.
In fact, after playing pierced ears maintenance is very important, don't let the inflammation of the pierced ears bother the beauty of you, when you are fashion, challenge your personality, let us show different color.
The 1 best time to play pierced ears:
The best time to play pierced ears is in every year at the end of the 3 and 9 at the end of the month because the weather is just right, neither hot nor cold. The rest of the time is not too cold or too hot, is not conducive to the ear repair.
2 new ones earing time:
Fight pierced ears do not listen to what people say three days later you can change, so long is not easy, but easy to cause inflammation.
Personal experience: must when the rotation earrings in you, not what bad feelings and pick, almost a month. In the wound did not heal before the general Earrings difficult chuojin holes, easier Chuodao wounds, old wounds have not resulted in resumption of the injury and the emergence of. In fact, pierced ears to really make a good year, this period will be water, there is itching feeling. Then remember to use a cotton swab stick some disinfectant cleaning.
Sensitive skin to fight pierced ears must be careful, because found according to scientific principles, the ear parts of the skin is the most capable of detecting a person true skin inflammation, if serious, must be timely to the hospital to solve.
In addition to these skin allergies MM some advice: A, we must find a place to fight health; B, earrings must be anti allergic, or the use of platinum.
3 maintenance of drugs required for pierced ears:
Some MM that can in no way aureomycin eye ointment, to maintain the fresh pierced ears, but it is not the case, the ichor pierced ears pierced ears and earrings will stick, a turn earrings, the original long good wound is broken again, this is simply a vicious circle, if you use ear (that is, earrings), stained with a point chlortetracycline, and then put on it. Personal feel than erythromycin chlortetracycline effect is good, of course the price is slightly expensive pull.
Method of use: used Erythromycin Ointment with alcohol, cleared every five days, with silver earrings, or plastic material, the time out before washing with alcohol pierced ears, earrings, ear plugs, the needle into the ointment Riza Earrings look Zaichuan, at the same time in the pierced ears around coated with ointment.
During that time, eat less irritating things, to keep the ear cleaning, avoid to avoid injury to the ear hole energetically collision, with silver earrings and don't hook, adhere to a month pierced ears will not be long dead, also not inflammation.
In addition, if not Erythromycin Ointment words, Mentholatum mint cream is a very good choice oh.
4 the most suitable maintenance pierced earrings:
General sterling silver, gold, or pure platinum, and are not to speak, if the plastic daily clean and will not inflammation. People even think that if the skin is not allergic in nature, can directly choose plastic, cheap and easy to use.
On the market a lot of earrings, including some famous brands, are not pure, so easy to inflammation. And a lot of beautiful Korean pop earrings, basic are not pure, so to control the way, you'd better not greed popular, and so long had pierced ears thoroughly good fashion and then chase it, start not maintenance generally good ears later are prone to inflammation Oh, then won't gain.
Friendly reminder: general circular earrings earrings to heal than the fast estimation is with before and after the Circle Earrings Pierced Ears breathable, not always boring to live like earrings pierced ears.
A new method of recommendation 5 pierced ears:
Surgical steel + hydrogen peroxide
Combination: This is to recommend it to you. The individual two hole is the latest medical steel playing that day you can touch the water, as long as the water spray to thoroughly disinfected after peroxide can be, not inflammation oh.
Because save trouble and effort, so if you choose to play pierced ears of this method, shop prices are generally 2-3 times pierced ears. In fact, as early as two years ago began the foreign popular method of piercing the.
Above is the personal experience to talk about. Finally, a nagging, pierced ears or not to play too much, remember the amount of oh. Although the beauty in everyone's heart, but not too much, another reason is that the ear is a sensitive site, acupuncture is more also, so be cautious better.
