Out of dull winter, spring back button to open a colorful door -- loud green, tender yellow, clear powder, noble purple, no matter which color you choose, only healthy skin and complement each other, is the fundamental flowered. But you know, the skin is also a "color" -- do not know what your skin need, there is no specific nursing, be careful of the skin to give you the "color" look oh!
Test your skin is what kind of "color"
1 in the office, your state is:
A. long time in the indoor work (to 2)
Often B. need to complete the work in the outdoor (to 3)
2 in the work you are often exposed to second-hand smoke, air conditioning, computer:
A. is (to 4)
B. no (to 5)
3 on the sunscreen, do you think:
A. never mind the sun, so do not prevent bask in the job, even if the summer is no exception (to 2)
B. only makes adequate protective measures in the summer (to 5)
C. any season, will be based on the intensity of illumination using a different sunscreen (to 4)
4 your skin condition is:
A. a change garments according to the season, the skin will be very dry, gently scraping will play a white dead skin (to 6)
B. back often president of a "small acne" (to 7)
5 after bathing, your skin will:
A. felt taut (to 6)
B. always feel not thoroughly washed (to 4)
Whether you eat vegetables, fruit 6 less in the daily diet:
A. is (to 8)
B. no (to 7)
7 your skin is fragile and prone to allergies, frequency has not adapt to the maintenance of higher:
A. is facing a "red" warning - skin
B. no (to 9)
8 your personal clothing often have a lot of shedding dander attachment:
A. is a - skin face "Brown" alarm
B. - the skin face "grey" alert
9 your neck will appear small wrinkles:
A. is facing a "grey" warning - skin
B. - the skin face "Brown" alarm
Interpretation of skin whisper
The skin can not speak, but have their own way to prompt us to its state of health.
The skin is facing "red" warning reflects the skin nutrition, their resistance to the serious decline, when the external environment is a Wind sways grass., skin prone to allergic reactions;
Facing the "Brown" alert skin like a dry cracked land, skin lock water barrier is damaged, unable to retain moisture in the skin to moisturize the skin need, aging, dull, without gloss;
Skin face "grey" alert, suggest the skin is gradually lost vitality, sun, pollution, physical and psychological stress produces free radicals, hinder their normal skin The new supersedes the old., accelerate skin aging.
To restore the healthy state of skin problems, the first thing to do is to put these "obstacles" to remove. If not timely cleaning, the skin surface of human body would be like a fouling pollutant "garbage dump", sweat, sebum, dust "three-in-one" accumulation on the surface of the skin, clogging the pores of the skin, and live in the bacterial community and aging skin and skin surface has a layer of coat. ITdding the nuisance of coat, the most effective removal method, the most convenient is the bath.
Share tips bath skin care
Healthy skin is a source of women glory self-confidence, and keep skin healthy is a complicated project, bath care as the most basic step in nature, there are also many articles. Hold the shower "secret recipe", you can become the master bath skin care.
-- when bath ideal temperature and humidity wake up the skin, may wish to choose nutritious component Shufujia skin health bath series, clean at the same time give skin complement the nutrients it needs.
The hot weather --, bathing is not equal to the simple shower, 10 minutes is just a sterilization and absorption of nutrients contained in bath dew process, is the most suitable time bath.
-- in different parts of the skin have different care requirements, the neck skin elasticity is poor, lack of support from top to bottom, need to gently massage, do not use material cleaning brush rough; shoulders, chest and back need soft sponge, bath material flowers carefully care, massage cleaning can simultaneously; the hips need to adopt the method of lift bracket, can avoid the skin relaxation, maintain the perfect curve Qiaotun; material is rough bath tools left limbs, they can give a massage, limbs moderately remove the horny, promote skin The new supersedes the old.