&amp;nbsp test problems;
The man in the face of love, people and new things, the new king, they are feeling happy and sweet at the same time, also for the various problems agitation, confusion, confusion, plus all men mind is different, different experiences, different capacity, unconsciously, all sorts of bad attitude began quietly breeding and if not timely diagnosis and treatment, may ruin the nice love experiences. Is love this article lists five kinds of unhealthy mentality of the most common men, hope to have the heart of love men came on a pair of, check, early treatment.
A. spare no effort to type B. type C. type self righteous thinking
D. lack of confidence E. perfunctory type
Analysis of the answer answer analysis: a symptoms: this kind of man in love activities generally are in the active attack state, when they meet a person in a dream and his very good agreement with the girl, or when they have long admired the girl gave them a glimmer of hope, he's nerves will be highly caught alight, so desperate to join the love movement, not shrink, reckless initiated the most violent attack to the target. In this situation the love of men, their attitude is always maintained in a high state of excitement, in order to get a lover's favor and heart, they can be said to be all not to hesitate to. Specifically, when a lover saw the store has a price of 8500 yuan for the jewelry is that she Heartbeat, our hero of the monthly salary is only 750 yuan, at present the bank deposits only 10000 yuan, he will not hesitate to buy this piece of jewelry lovers, though they determine the love relationship is in less than a month, though the girl may be another thing worth thousands of dollars on the fashion boutique expressed great interest immediately. Our hero can be considered not so much, as long as get a lover's favor, they will have to forget about one's own to do. B symptoms: worry about personal gains and losses type of men is a typical complex contradictions. They may be yourself with the lovers met, may also be introduced by others. This kind of man is often too cool, too cool, manifested in the relationship too hard. On the one hand, they fell in love with my lover (or simply has not yet been determined what ever fall in love with each other), hope and she hand in hand, knot, but on the other hand, they would not spend too much time, energy and money for a lover, because they can not determine their own future and lovers end can not successful and so they could not withdraw eagle. The reason is this kind of man is too realistic, relatively speaking, and lack of passion of love; or suffered some setbacks in the sentiment, leading to suspicious heavier, I cheated. C symptoms: such men often have the appearance, in the center of the public praise, so feel generally better. In love activities, most of them in a passive state, but also has a master of all sense of self. Say it is in a passive state is because the girl at his side and not his effort to chase, but they are our hero charm to attract it, in this case, no matter how good the girl is actually and rare, our hero is unaware of it, so he will produce a puzzling superiority, self righteous to think that as long as you do not abandon, the girl will always stay at his side, so in the whole love activities, they always take a pair of the giver's attitude in lover, sometimes arrogant attitude. D symptoms: lung power shortage type men in general is through the introduction of the others and the lovers met. Such men usually their condition is not how good, but also the lack of health and cheerful attitude, so lack of confidence, self-esteem and superabundant. They rarely exhibit their strengths in front of the opposite sex, despite their heart is very eager to have a lover's love and tenderness. So, if someone cared about him, help him to introduce my friend, he will be very grateful, will be more cherish this opportunity. Unfortunately, the stubborn self abased psychology always appear, lingering. When his lover and other men's pleasant conversation, when his lover, because the body is not convenient to temporarily rejected one of his invitation, when his lover and get a raise or promotion opportunities...... The inferiority of the monsters will jump out to cause trouble at any time, he put all the attention paid to the lover's body, too much care about lovers and people around on their views and assessment, as time passes, the more he will ignore their own advantages and charm, makes these already and not spare the advantages and charm of being lost. The symptoms of E: the importance of such men mostly ignore the love, is cold to psychological pleasure. They pay attention to skin contact than the emotional exchanges, pay attention to the fate of a marriage than the process of love, so they are careless attitude of love to take, as long as he saw the girl, but the girl is willing to marry you, they even felt inferior to marry soon, love is not love does not matter. So long as there is a little external catalysis, they immediately put into the besieged city requirements to lover. Some gentleman heard sub units to the house, was back to his proposed marriage requirements without hesitation, regardless of the two understand don't