Recently, in the psychological clinic of Nanjing Brain Hospital, at the age of 10, Jingjing trembling with fear, tears, like a scared rabbit. Originally, the downstairs neighbour two dogs, the little girl is afraid of. This is not what the big deal, but that her mother used when accounting seriously, always feel that their daughter as their child is brave, so motionless to daughter pointed out that "shortcomings", more accused the girl more nervous, had to sleep, a forced disease. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; a few days ago, Beijing mental health association director Zhao Rongfeng has treated a patient -- 18 year old boy huang. Huang's father is a doctor, my mother is a scientific research personnel, was brought up very strictly, Huang childhood often worry that this makes mistakes that can make mistakes, be scolded by his parents, leading to personality defects. Huang now with the others disagree, will go to smash things, and he knew it was wrong to do so, but couldn't control myself. Director Zhao told reporters, this is the obsessive-compulsive disorder. Youth and white-collar class is the main group of patients this neural disorders, and the patient group in the expanding. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; OCD is a sub healthy &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; this kind of neural diseases most typical symptom is the patient knows is wrong, but can't control myself to do something again and again or repeatedly to think about one thing. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; "in admissions of patients, adolescents and white-collar class is the main group of patients." Why so like to patronize the obsessive-compulsive disorder in this population? Director Zhao told reporters, because people in this age group are under so much pressure, it is just the end of the transition period of remodeling stage personality. Children aged 2 to 8 years old is the critical period of personality formation, and the end of the onset of puberty and adolescence from the integration period is an important personality remodeling, if reshaping "failure", is likely to cause mental disorders. But as society increasingly fierce competition pressure, young white-collar workers because of the busy work, is not harmonious life pressure increasing, also continue to join the "obsessive" this kind of sub-health among the ranks. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; found in time can cure &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; patients with OCD belong to typical active thinking, but the behavior of the crowd. They often feel anxious, upset, to his great expectations, pursuit perfect, care about other people's evaluation, this kind of person usually unilateral capability is strong, but poor comprehensive ability; there will be loss of appetite, insomnia, dizziness, shortness of breath and other symptoms of heart. Now people with the condition are many, but most don't realize that this is a kind of morbid. Director Zhao pointed out, appear this kind of symptoms should be promptly to the psychological clinic to cure, if early detection and treatment can be completely cured. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; while the psychological expert Zhou Zhengyou director said: "a lot of good student achievement is not because the performance problems with obsessive compulsive disorder, but their parents don't appreciate the vision to see the child's advantages and strengths, to require that children be the pink of perfection with standard consciously or not, is not they have a little bit of negligence finally, cause mental disease." Zhou Zhengyou reminded the parents, you should learn to appreciate the child. &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp &amp;nbsp; links; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; obsessive compulsive disorder and main symptoms of &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; in obsessions and compulsions action as the main performance of a neurosis. To the conscious ego forcing awareness force there for features, patients know obsessive-compulsive symptoms persist without meaning and is not reasonable, but can not be restrained to appear repeatedly, more efforts were attempted to resist, anti more nervous and pain, its are main the symptom such as: &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp obsessions, forced Association; 1: repeatedly recalled a series of unfortunate events that can occur, although they may not, but can not be restrained. 2, forced memories: repeated recalls have done is be of no great importance thing, knowing that without any meaning, but can not be restrained. 3, such as forced doubts: doubts whether does door window out really shut, repeated several times back to check. Not but feeling nervous. 4, obsessive rumination: ruminating natural phenomena or events in the daily life, knowing meaningless, but can not be restrained, such as repeatedly thinking: why the "house facing south instead of north." &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; 1, forced movement forced washing: wash hands or objects repeatedly. 2, forced to check: such as repeated examination already locked doors and windows, repeatedly check has written bills, letters or documents, etc.. 3, forced to count: the number of steps can not be controlled, wire rod, do a certain number of an action, or feel uneasy, if missed a number again.
