To tell you the truth, he what all good, only a little is not good, that is: he was married. You must share this man and another woman. The following are six idioms involved with a married man, should not touch them, you may do what you like!
One, love
The grass is always greener, xianyisiqian is almost the basic nature of each married man, and will increase with age and more clearly exposed. Home wife looks good, and virtuous character, it is difficult to avoid a married man emotional about some strange women, she probably than the beauty of his wife, gentle, but she even has a little cute, naughty or unique temperament may make more than married men caper, or how to say: "the child is his wife is good, the good of others"?
Countermeasures: love the new and the old. Since you're tired old also hurt each other's heart, we can evolve into and the old save sentient beings! This is with a noble spirit of philanthropy na!
Two, say yes and mean no
A married man words not to believe, but absolutely can not believe all. Before he is married, and a mouth on the long practice of spitting lotus, have the effect of make the dead come back to life. With Big word seldom accompany great deed. to describe a married man commitment and answer very appropriate. How to distinguish the married men say yes and mean no? It is a simple method, to what he had said all ninety percent off play, knew he speak and think what is the difference.
Solution: appear wrong. An equivocation. No matter what the man said, half half listen to listen to, half ah ah ah, see you is urgent!
Three, the best of both worlds
Career and money is a married man right-hand right-hand man, is also a solid foundation for both of them, plus a good grasp of the intensity and atmosphere, a married man to succeed is very simple. As long as not in front of a woman's praise of another woman, two women just don't let him love also appeared in front of him, as long as he refuses to admit that he is a playboy, don't say two women, is a few more, married men can do a job with skill and ease.
Action: spend money freely. Anyway, men are handsome, is not because of a few money? Help him to give the money to the Hua Lala spent, can handle several? You got a wife!
Four, blandishments
Blandishments is not equal to deceive, if is cheating, is good, beautiful deception. Unmarried girl self-confidence and satisfaction from a married man there harvest, as long as the men themselves do not take the initiative to break the lies, most of them willingly deceived. Blandishments is not equal to speak sugared words, but a similar diplomat handle major things by the use of rhetoric, can achieve the purpose of fuzzy facts, but also can try to please both sides, can skillfully use the blandishments of married men, be like practicing martial arts, achieve the highest realm of Kung fu.
Solution: hardness with softness. Do not think that men speak sugared words that carry the world before one woman invincible, couple hardness with softness can really rule the world treating you to death! Hey, don't you know oh, that you have not the blessing!
Five, be lost to all sense of shame
Married men encounter affair and combat is proportional to. A tolerance is not strong men do not deserve a married man. He should understand the woman hit, sometimes is a kind of test, stick is victory. The only way to insist is death PigHead afraid boiling water hot, I also never mind you are again how humiliated, I just love you. Few women never yield in this almost rogue in pursuit, even knowing he was a long way home.
Countermeasures: but what did not move to the be lost to all sense of shame! How to do hold? And he said: you also can do this, and you together I face where? Don't hurry to go and so what? What a shame!
Six, a solemn pledge of love
A solemn pledge of love with different blandishments, the latter can be used a new, a solemn pledge of love to use, but in very special moment. Unmarried men swore basically are mountains can be flat, split, go by car crashed and the like, but good swear married men are generally not the oath hair so vast, otherwise it will be their retreat die can The loss outweighs the gain.. Timing and the best place, a good grasp of the most appropriate scale, can deceive a woman happy, don't let her get, is a married man swear genius.
Countermeasures: to eat lettuce. When he wants a solemn pledge of love you told him there was a vegetable by the name of lettuce, it's very refreshing very cheap, and you are don't love. You are only interested in eating is its heart, told him to take it out and shake well, if necessary, you can also take an oath: "guarantee absolute back to you!"