(a) cause for the heavy mate selection psychology
In fact, everyone is willing to pay attention to this point, hope oneself can become the object of talents, to excel at work, career, but restricted by various factors, at present, with this mate psychological few people in the group of intellectuals, or someone in the.
&amp;nbsp; they put the progress of work performance, career as the greatest joy in life. To each other without the dedication and hard work spirit, as an important weight mate balance, to the happiness of love in the hands of the cause of the struggle. This kind of love the cause of eternal eternity.
(two) the pursuit of spirit to meet the mate selection psychology
Along with the progress of social civilization, improve the cultural quality of the people, more and more people have this swollen mate psychological, they focus on each other's thoughts and feelings, moral quality, loving personality, the pursuit of each other mind communication and friendly feelings. As long as you can get happiness and satisfaction in spirit, even if the other side of the economic conditions, physical condition and other poor, does not matter. This built on the spirit of love is noble, many pass from mouth to mouth with approbation love story, all belong to the pursuit of love psychological scale.
(three) the money first mate selection psychology
This type of mate psychological is relatively common, especially in economically backward regions. They take each other's economic situation in the first place, their marriage is to get a can meet them to eat, wear, live, play zone, or to rely on in order to survive. This built on material and money on the basis of marriage, is not reliable, because economic conditions can be changed, it is often lost because of the other good material conditions, and lose the cohesion of the attractiveness of the two soul, which had parted ways.
(four) the search for a political backer of the mate selection psychology
This mate psychological is quite common in the feudal society, they opened up the road of his own career through marriage, or consolidate the officialdom of nepotism, the so-called political marriage. Although this mate psychological is not common, but, this has another figure who also There are plenty of people who, they do not pay attention to the emotional and psychological compatibility of two people, not to mention what a bosom friend, and hide in the marriage not to be divulged the motivation behind, on the first of the love. This kind of love is also unreliable.
(five) the pursuit of physical beauty of mate selection psychology
This kind of psychology plays an important role in the youth, all hope that the object is more beautiful, more handsome, this is It's only human, but if blindly pursue the beauty, so often go astray. Generated by the other beautiful appearance love is transient. With the passage of time, love will disappear with the appearance of aging. As Gerd said: "the beautiful appearance can only please a moment, inside the United States to enduring."
(six) requirements for the perfect mate selection psychology
Some people choose to object, prior to formulate a series of standards, many rules and regulations, that does not conform to the one or two point, even if other aspects are desirable, are not considered. With this mate psychological, although the young love as much, but often make them older youth.
(seven) the game mate selection psychology
Who has this kind of psychology, just a few. They love playing with the feelings of others by name, and fickle, kissed their outlook on life and love are rotten and the results, ignorant life to also cannot enjoy true love.
In short, male and female mate selection psychology is diverse, everyone may have different others mate selection psychology. But these basic mate mentality. There is a saying: to Eli, benefit as much as is scattered, turn to color, color fading is thinning, delivered to the heart, can be eternal.
