Adolescence is the physiological, psychological, social and behavioral aspects from immature to mature, never setting to dramatic changes in shape of the period is a period of change, life quality, is out of childhood cognition way, creating a new concept of self, the reconstruction of life from psychological period. How to train youth mental health?
(a) positive self-concept.
Correct self idea is the important condition of psychological health, only one correct understanding of their own, his behavior to appropriate, work and learning to adapt to, in order to develop their own initiative, self - education. If the self concept is not correct, he may have, since that great, to do more than you can do, he may also be ashamed, refused to show himself to its original appearance, so that the formation of a heavy psychological burden, not carefully calm;
(two) a moderate level of ambition.
To understand the social requirements of the individual, which is allowed by the environment, which is not allowed, the change trend of how etc.. To be good at the individual advantages and disadvantages and the environment of the advantages and disadvantages of four factors analysis, foster strengths and circumvent weaknesses, mining environment favorable factors, their individual strengths, on the one hand and the fate of the struggle, the transformation of the objective, an adjustment of the subjective, determine the appropriate level of aspiration, lest incur setbacks to make things;
(three) the harmonious interpersonal relationship.
In relationships, their positive attitudes (such as respect, trust, friendship etc.) more than the total negative attitude (such as hatred, suspicion, fear, etc.), the attribution of their collective, have a kind of destinies are tied to emotion, always willing to sacrifice personal desires to seek collective happiness;
(four) the individual and social harmony.
Conflict need, desire and the social requirements of their own and the happiness of others, to give up and modify your plan of action, to pursue and social harmony;
Pent up grievances poured out of the heart (five).
Thoughts and emotional conflicts on the long-term and depressed in the heart, can affect brain function, causing psychological disorders. Emotional problems of thinking only pour it out, the mood will feel comfortable, and can play a stable role.
&amp;nbsp;