&amp;nbsp; the reasons for divorce
Divorce for families, after all, is a heavy topic. In many cases of divorce, some are indeed feelings have to complete rupture point, not away from it. But some couples divorce, but because one of the parties to the impulsive rashness. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; six people most likely to divorce
Whether to approve of divorcing parents
According to a survey [Focus] the Harbin authorities released the latest, parents often quarrel with their children more than the psychological problems of children from divorced family.
According to "worker's Daily" report, the survey involved 855 Harbin city junior high school and senior high school students. Statistical analysis shows, often quarrel in the parents in the family, the child's psychological problems the detection rate was 31.68%, 30.30% of divorce, family harmony is 18.88%. "Some parents say repeatedly repeatedly said to the child did not divorce, but all day long 'smoke' constantly, but this behavior to the child injury is much more difficult to remove." Professor Wang Limin of Harbin Medical University medical psychology, the survey said, often in the face of family "war" of children, easy to fall into the interpersonal disorder, anxiety, paranoia, lack of confidence in the future life, in particular, easy to generate fear of marriage. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; read the &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; [small survey] if the parents marriage is not harmonious, whether you agree with their parents divorce? &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; (the investigation time: 2006-05-02 -- 2006-05-14)
1 A, 2 B, do not agree with agree with
We interviewed some married couples within ten years, for "have you ever had the idea of divorce" this issue, the majority of interviewed couples answer is "had", then the final why not choose divorce? Everyone has a different answer.
In order to save the marriage, some people try a new way: "try a divorce". It is in all two agreed to divorce case, not in a hurry to legally perform a divorce, but in the life of the first "off" for a period of time, the two sides in away from the marriage life environment, experience is not "the other half" of life; at the same time also allows both sides to calmly reflect on marriage, re understanding of him or her, to the marriage of a buffer period, and then decided to leave or not is from. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; divorce women "six meridian Swords"
Here are some women "describes the Trial Divorce" story, perhaps can let those also in the edge of the divorce people have some enlightenment. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; four women try divorce experience
Expert weapon: a survey shows, for a woman, if she divorced second times, only 30% of people choose to marry for the third time. This shows that many times the divorce will make most women enjoy the rest of your life, so more and more psychological experts began to in-depth, devoted to the marital crisis solution, and summarizes the following nine pieces of advice. [Read the whole passage]
Whether to approve of divorcing parents
I want to have a home, a place not gorgeous in my tired when I think of it I want to have a home, a place not much in my frightened when I will not be afraid of who don't want to home, but some people have it cheeks with tears can only own gently rub me envy him injured can go home after I only lonely lonely, looking for my house while I don't have a warm home but I gradually grew up the same as long as the heart is full of love will be care can't complain about who all can only rely on their own while you have a home what also do not lack why don't see you smile always said there is no love all day not to go home the same age soul I have a home every time I hear this song, will think of a lonely child because of the fear of parents quarrel and kink in the corner look. I was very strong, it is small head donkey, parents quarrel because P is a big thing, I can lift an iron weight to his head hit. I also said a famous saying: "you gave birth to me, just to let me see you fight it! Please, let me go back! " In fact, my family not play born tough battle, I just on the home atmosphere requirements are too high. Today my sister came to see me, next year she graduated from the University, in the school of dance ballet professional repair, beautiful can not say, like the swan. Everyone to see her, will guess she is out of the happiness of the family, she will say frankly: "when I was three years old, his parents divorced) said:" when she smiles. We walk on the pedestrian street in the bright spring days, her white, no Fendai, but look to attract people. I asked: "children in divorced families will have no confidence in marriage? Baby, "she said:" no, my mother and father separated after their formation of the family are very happy, but first they have not chosen the right person." I said: "you can't blame them?" She said: "I want a pair of separate happy parents, do not want a pair of all day and I together friends:)" when saying this word, she is still smiling, added: "they don't fall in love, doesn't mean they didn't love me!" Just eat a sister, bought a mango, face gnawing are, to clean water, see yourself, think of the childhood scene. Read the "Snow White", I suddenly to the parents said: "you are not allowed to divorce, otherwise there will be a stepmother gave me to eat poison apple!" This after twenty years, is family widely reproduced. When I grow up, finally understand, the child is a link, parents' marriage but, if they really bad, don't go when the rope, let go