South Korean film "sassy girl" was once popular Chinese. This and we traditionally think of women in love should be gentle and very different. Now, scientists found a theoretical basis for the "barbaric girlfriend".
According to the latest issue of "New Scientist" magazine, the Italy female scientists marazziti study found that gender differences in temperament, love is not so obvious, because men and women tend to be consistent, in love period the body of the male hormone level in other words, men more like women, women are more like a man. Men will become more sentimental tenderness, women will become more passionate.
In addition, some social psychological factors also have an impact on the changes of men and women in love.
First of all, this is the different requirements for the men and women of the social traditional culture. In our traditional culture, always asked men to be generous, generous, calm, tolerant capacity, not square accounts in every detail. For women, the society can accept their changeable character.
Secondly, when disputes occur in both men and women in love, tolerance is also different, women are more vulnerable, show more love angry.
Third, there are some differences between men and women in self-confidence. Adolescent girls with the development of sexual psychology, gender role and shape feature to its increasingly care, whether slender, pretty, is let her worry and unhappiness. Women in love produces anxiety about more things, which is why they love angry.
Finally, the role of men and women in love. Men play the active side, in the pursuit of the time more desire, the more nervous, more than usual gentle. Women in love will naturally or half unconsciously to set some obstacles to her boyfriend, her boyfriend to see whether can let my temper, or simply to test.
Psychologist Carl Jung once pointed out, men have some feminine psychological characteristics, psychological characteristics of women also have masculine. In love this special situation, these features out of the full performance.
