Easy to ruin your career psychological traps why many people are full of wit to escape the fate of failure?
MBA career development center director Dr. James Wadep and Timothy Butler America Harvard Business School, summed up the following these defective workplace psychological behavior mode.
Everyone in the workplace are more or less like this pattern, so the success before, more need to constantly review yourself, no matter is the senior manager or junior staff.
Arrogance and tyranny, perfectionism
They are unrealistic, looking for work, not the bibcock enterprise is not, or to live on their own. In large enterprises, most of them volunteered to be responsible for more than his job. Results the task is not reached, it will not stop the swing, but want to use higher merit to make up for the previous commitment, turned out to be a loser.
The people also enjoy the limelight, in the stable social or business, they always indicate the position very quickly, for fear that no one paid attention to him. Is to cover up the weakness of the heart.
The general requirements of such people everywhere to do their own hero, but also ask others to meet his strict standards. At work, they asked themselves with subordinates "more, faster, better". The results, the subordinate was dragged be dead beat, have "jumped ship to survive", to stay even more tired.
Work they will even smatter, lips like to say is: "the work is really boring." But the real feeling in their hearts: "I do any work." They hope that the young fame, but they don't like learning, help or advice, because this would be that they were "incompetent", so they had to pretend to know.
They or the words and deeds of tough, relentless, like a bulldozer, those who block the path, should be leveled, because the rampage, aggressive, do not know how to bypass techniques, the results might hurt his career.
Escape, pessimism, depression
Although this person is intelligent, experienced, but once they are promoted, but there is no self-confidence, feel incompetent. Their core belief is "I'm not good enough", especially when setbacks and challenges, their self destructive prevailed and self limiting negative thoughts.
They may be typical of the pessimists, began to entertain imaginary or groundless fears. Before the action, he would imagine all the negative results, feeling anxious. This served as a director, will be a delay, bide one's time. Because too care about shame, or even worry about the subordinate status, embarrass him.
Then they will feel lost occupation career direction. "The way it is right or not?" And think their role is optional, and no others, no sense of belonging.
Another extreme manifestation of their is no conditioned avoidance problem. They as supervisor, who should argue for his, in order to avoid conflict, may be looked down upon subordinates or other departments. In order to keep the peace, they oppress feelings, results, their lack of ability to face conflict, conflict resolution. Finally, the failure of solving conflicts, spread to the marriage relationship, parent-child, brotherhood and friendship.
Black and white, machinery
The people in the eyes of the world in black and white. They believe that everything should be the same as the standard answer exam, objectively assess the pros and cons. They always think in defending the faith, adhere to the principle of. However, these principles, others do not complain. The results, which is always alone, often defeated.
This rigidity is also reflected in people's total lack of understanding of human nature, it is difficult to understand fear, anger, greed, love and compassion and emotional. They are talking on the phone, usually without even saying hello, directly to cut to the chase, the lack of the ability of care, they want to rule out emotional factors in decision-making process.
These people are usually good, no effort, straight, not the occasion to speak, even because of can't keep their mouth, ruined the career prospects.
&amp;nbsp;
