&amp;nbsp;
Do you know? Every day to computer IT women, how many will be computer radiation threat, and hurt the most obvious manifestation is afraid of your skin, your face is how to prevent the infringement of computer? We're going to learn the following method...
Look: you are "computer disease" high-risk groups?
Women should be "anti aging 20 years old"
Xiaobian recommended
Using computer for
Protect the eyes eat radish spinach
Computer people should drink four cups of tea a day
Computer public health food!
"Computer users" to drink what tea
NO.1&amp;nbsp; computer placement is very important
Try not to let the screen toward the back of someone's place, because the back of the computer radiation is strongest, followed by the right and left sides, the front screen instead of the weakest radiation. To see the word to prevail, at least 50 cm to 75 cm distance, thus reducing the harm of electromagnetic radiation.
To the beauty of the woman weapon: anti-aging beauty 12 strokes (Figure)
The fast pace of modern life, cause the female psychological pressure is too large, so that some women earlier hidden symptoms of menopause. Medical expert reminds: urban women should pay attention to the protection of their own, to prevent premature aging...... Anti aging 66 fruits and vegetables list!
You are afraid of skin aging? Come beauty consulting room to see see!
NO.2&amp;nbsp; indoor ventilation
Research confirmed that the computer screen can produce a brominated two benzofuran carcinogens. Therefore, the computer room the best place to install the fan, if not, the Internet with particular attention to ventilation.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
If you're like me, is a work every day at least 8 hours in front of the computer.COM; or you are a standard of worms, monthly Internet access fees overwhelmed you still need no regrets. Then the following set of exercises is perfect for you. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; pay attention to! Computer beauty pretty girl will do gymnastics
NO.3&amp;nbsp focus eye care;
Place of aging face the most obvious is the eye, so that eye care is particularly important.
Work and rest against eye
To prevent or eliminate this kind of situation, daily should pay attention to eye care, the key is to persevere, can start from the following aspects:
First of all, to regular rest. Such as reading or using a computer for every 2 hours to rest 10 to 15 minutes, this time overlooking the landscape outside the window, or rotational eyeball, eye exercises, as long as it is not concentrated in the near vision, have the effect of rest.
Second, pay attention to moisten eyes, blink of an eye. With the computer, it is best to keep under the angle of 15 to 20 degrees, this helps to reduce eye exposure area, to reduce water ocular surface evaporation. Avoid seat at the air outlet, also can put tea near the seats, increase the surrounding humidity.
Exercise regularly. Recommended for ball games, such as table tennis, badminton, football, golf, when the eyes follow a target, the ciliary muscle relaxation and contraction constantly, and extraocular muscle synergy, can improve the blood perfusion of eye, promote eye The new supersedes the old., thereby reducing eye fatigue. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; read
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; recommend: put a cup of hot water at the computer, increase the surrounding humidity, to alleviate eye discomfort situation &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; text
NO.4&amp;nbsp; good quality Eye Cream Eye Gel
Eye cream eye gel has the effect of moisture, in addition to reduce dark circles, bags under the eyes of the problems, but also have to improve the wrinkles, fine lines effect.
Eye and eye cream effect is similar, but more refreshing gel texture rubbing together during the day and use the skin, no sense of burden, most of them is to remove bags under the eyes, dark circles, relieve symptoms of eye skin.
Who most need to use eye cream
From a theoretical point of view, regardless of age, maintenance and care of all cannot neglect the eye skin. The intense pace of modern life and colorful, make eye skin starts to age the gradual advance of aging trend.
Recommend: eye cream you use to do eye care cream to use
2&amp;nbsp;