&amp;nbsp;
Sanitary pad compact easy to use, is favored by women, and even some people in addition to the menstrual period every day use, but most users as the replacement of sanitary napkins so frequently in use pads when, usually use only one day, time for more than 12 hours. The doctor said, it actually has the very big hidden danger exists, but different people can be treated differently.
Western medicine: sanitary pads should not be long-term use
Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital, Dr. Feng Chi said, healthy women every day use sanitary pads should be no big problem, but there is no lack of the existence of hidden: most pad at the bottom there is a layer of plastic, poor permeability, it is easy to cause genital humid, sweat, the pathogenic bacteria breeding. The replacement is not long-term sanitary pad can make local humidity and temperature are greatly increased, especially in hot flashes, climate, so not only to the growth of bacteria and fungi to create suitable conditions and destroyed the pH of the vagina, reduce the protective function of local, cause vaginitis.
Related reading:
Trichomonas vaginitis -- caused by Trichomonas vaginalis, major violations of women, very few men can be involved. Between men and women can be spread through sexual intercourse, so also is a venereal disease. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; read
Mould sex vaginitis is common vaginitis --, many caused by Candida albicans. The bacteria usually parasitic in the vagina, the vagina when increasing, sugar acid increased, the rapid propagation of bacteria caused by inflammation. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; read
Enter the gynecological diseases manual
The friction and the sanitary napkin is easy to cause local skin or hair follicle damage, occurrence vulva folliculitis and other diseases, so the sanitary protective pad should not be long-term use, the use of pads is not necessary every day cleaning the local idea is wrong.
Dr. Fung also speak, some women use the pad is mainly to smell to cope with excessive secretions and nakedness, he suggested that if a similar situation, that the body may exist certain diseases, at this time should be promptly to the hospital for examination and treatment.
Western suggestions:
The 1 summer human body easy to sweat, try not to use sanitary pads unnecessary in the case.
2 some additives or scented sanitary pads, for some people, may increase the probability of allergies.
3 the use of sanitary pads, also want to pay attention to the timely replacement, so as not to affect the pH female body own adjustment.
Self tips of vulva:
"Hope", observe the vaginal discharge. "Smell", olfactory secretions, blood or genital odor. "Touch", should be the normal feeling smooth, soft. &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; read
Are there any questions? Please check with gynecological community chat!
Traditional Chinese medicine: can every day with the pads can not lump together
Beijing Chinese Medicine Hospital gynecology doctor Xu Xin thinks, what can or can not lump together often use every day. For example, some women love clean, like to use; some people because of work or other reasons can not guarantee every day to wash underwear, can use; others are for a period of time, more secretion, also can use......
Wonderful recommended: see Department of gynaecology disease by "white"
At the same time, a person's body is different, tolerance, resistance is also different, plus the female local natural barrier in there, so can often use pads, depends on the individual, living habits, health requirements and personal health condition to set.
Traditional Chinese medicine suggested:
1 sanitary pads according to the status of the work environment, nature and seasons, body and replace: when little secretion is basically a 1 day has enough; when working in hot weather or nervous, often sweating to the timely replacement. In a word, the female vulva is local can keep clean and dry, breathable good.
2 now many people in order to receive an abdomen often wear some personal, ventilation is not good nylon bellyband, this time the best prudent use of sanitary pads, so as not to aggravate local airtight condition.
Xiaobian inserted the phrase: now the female reproductive tract infection diseases in women the incidence rate is increasing, but the diagnosis and treatment of these diseases, many women do not understand, so many people got sick a long time, do not know what. Then, gynecological infection what disease?
&amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; read
Ladies should note the following points of purchase and use the matters of health supplies:
1 buy sanitary towel should pay attention to whether the sealing packaging independently, do not buy the opening or damaged packaging sanitary pads or tampons.
2 regular replacement, each time you use should not be more than eight hours.
3 placed in a cool dry place, should not be placed in the kitchen, toilet or bed damp places, to avoid any bacteria or parasites breeding.
Check to clear its inside and outside have no foreign body adhesion or abnormal 4 before use.
5 even if independent packaging, don't take it lightly, because the seal tiny clearance, can also let the tiny insects from entering.
In fact, the best regular body check ladies for a year at a time. Desire language has the cloud: "Chinese medicine from the shallow, prevention is better than cure." Because do not pay attention to hygiene and menstrual disorders, may affect fertility or other disease of women.
2&amp;nbsp;
