In recent years, with the change of environment, hyperplasia of mammary glands disease incidence rate rise quickly, this disease has become a major killer of city women. Once the breast hyperplasia, but the pain, mass, patients will have irritability, in emotional irritability, fear and so on, physiological function decline, such as sexual apathy, menstrual disorders, physical decline, such as frequent micturition, pathologically with gynecological disease, endometriosis. Failed to systemic symptoms, Jigzhi failed there is danger to breast cancer.
How to prevent breast hyperplasia, while the patients how to cure prevent cancer? Concerned expert reminds everybody:
1 psychological treatment is very important, hyperplasia of mammary glands damage on the human body harm than psychological, because of the lack of correct understanding of the disease, the adverse psychological factors of excessive tension stimulation anxious sad, cause neurasthenia, will increase the endocrine disorder, prompting heavier hyperplasia, therefore should relieve each kind of bad psychological stimulation. On the psychological difference person should notice more, less angry, maintain emotional stability, lively and cheerful mood namely advantageous hyperplasia early rehabilitation.
2 changes in diet, obesity prevention eat less fried food, animal fats, sweets and excessive tonic food, should eat more vegetables and fruits, eat more roughage. Black soya bean is best, eat walnuts, black sesame, black fungus, mushrooms.
3 to have the law of life, work and rest, to maintain a harmonious sexual life. Adjustable endocrine disorders, maintain defecate unobstructed will relieve breast pain.
4 more exercise, improve immunity, prevent obesity.
5 prohibit the abuse of contraceptives containing estrogen and beauty products, do not eat with estrogen fed chicken, beef.
6 to avoid the crowd, maternal breast-feeding, to nip in the bud.
Self check 7 and check regularly.
8 according to the condition of clear diagnosis, rational treatment. At present the college adopt comprehensive therapy of traditional Chinese medicine, has been a breakthrough, the effect is more obvious. Such as breast cysts, regardless of the size of the length of time after treatment, both in the disappeared in 2 weeks. On hyperplasia of mammary glands and timely correct the endocrine, lumps, pain, facial nerve can be eliminated on acute mastitis after treatment can relieve pain.