Before twentieth Century, some very successful operation treatment of patients, but ultimately could not escape the doom and gloom. To explain this keeps surgeons feel confused phenomenon, people have done some research, one of the most persuasive is a H.O.Studley study in 1936. He found that preoperative weight loss of more than 20% of patients, the postoperative mortality was 33%, on the contrary, if the preoperative weight loss is less than 20%, the postoperative mortality was only 3%. The people therefore concluded: if by pre infusion provide enough nutrition recovery in patients with oral diet, will greatly improve the effect of surgical operation.
In 1937 Robert
Elmen completed successfully by intravenous infusion of hydrolyzed protein on human complement of amino acids, important milepost is nutrition in the treatment of development, the related research has also prompted the early 60's the birth of all venous nutrition liquid. In view of his pioneering contribution, Elman is known as the "father of intravenous nutrition". Over the years, people gradually solve the amino acid formulations, improve the way of infusion and pyrogen transfusion and so on many questions, which laid the foundation for the development of modern parenteral nutrition.
At the same time, people realize that provide enough in energy, intravenous simple input amino acid, amino acid will be burned as energy substrates, and then lost as the nitrogen source effects. Therefore, in the supplementary amino acid at the same time, it should provide enough energy for the body. At that time, glucose is non protein energy only intravenous provided, but the doctors found that a large number of glucose infusion has many adverse reactions such as high blood glucose, phlebitis, liver fatty infiltration. People are aware of the need to another safe and reliable energy substrate to meet the body's needs, and began to look at fat this high density energy source material, through continuous attempts and unremitting efforts, product logo - fat emulsion nutrition ultimately successful development of modern parenteral.
The first to propose the fat emulsion made people who are Murlin and Riche, then the Japanese scholar Yamakawa (1929), Nomura (1929) and Sato (1931) published intravenous fat emulsion report.
From 1920 to 1960, USA scientists, especially fat emulsion metabolism of Robert Geyer and Fred Stare hundreds of formulations was studied based. In 1949 Ray
Meng also uses of an olive oil emulsion is described, the results of animal experiment is good, unfortunately larger responses of the human body after the infusion, intolerance.
Even though people are talking about and be in the best of spirits of fat emulsion of fat emulsion, but until 1960 have obvious side effects on the human body, including nausea, vomiting, pain, collagen system reaction, such as fever, the most serious reaction is liver damage, jaundice, bleeding tendency etc.. This makes many people discouraged and eventually give up the choice, people almost think a production of intravenous fat emulsion security is not possible. One of the explanation is not artificial, lipid droplets of fat emulsion like natural chylomicrons that have similar outer membrane proteins; in addition, the exact correlation was not found between the results of animal experiment and human experiment failure. Later confirmed that the adverse reactions and selected at the time of the raw materials (cotton seed oil) is concerned, science in animal experiments also exist problems.
In 1960, Professor Witlin of Sweden (Arvid
Wretlind) in animal experiments and fat milk raw materials, purification and emulsification etc. solves the problem that previous insurmountable. He realized that the metabolism of fat dog rate is about 3 times the amount of fat body, thus providing also should be 3 times the people, namely, 9 grams of /kg/d, and the animal experimental fatty previous supply is not enough. On this basis, he invented the "9 grams of test" method to examine the fat emulsion to be detected, which became later routine method testing and screening of various fat emulsion, also showed good correlation between animal and human trials. Professor Witlin also use oil instead of the earlier cottonseed oil as a source of oil, at the same time using lecithin as emulsifier, natural chylomicrons approximate fat emulsion particles produced in structure and size. The emulsion made the first effect and good safety in animal experiments, and then used in human testing, and achieved amazing results. In 1962, the fat milk production, was named the Intralipid (Intralipid) -- parenteral nutrition products the most successful in the world, is also the world's first successful fat emulsion products. 1965 after Intralipid is widely used all over the world, thus creating a new era of modern parenteral nutrition.
Since then, although there are some other can the safe use of fat emulsion was born in succession, but the Intralipid is still the world's most widely used fat emulsion products, it has withstood the test of injection to lose more than 200000000 times, and there are thousands of articles and informative report good effect it achieved in the clinical. With the development and use of Intralipid, able to meet the body non protein energy demand glycolipid double energy system concept preliminary mature, become the second big progress of all nutritional support for the development of the. All electrolytes, essential trace elements, vitamins and other agents can join in the basic of parenteral nutrition solution, eventually developing a total parenteral nutrition, namely modern parenteral nutrition.
In 1987, Huarui Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. as the first joint venture China imported from Sweden, a full set of intestinal including Intralipid, external nutritional products, make China clinicians began to have the practice and experience of total parenteral nutrition. At present, with Intralipid and other fat emulsion for parenteral nutrition has been at the core