In our country, whether enteral nutrition, and parenteral nutrition, various kinds of modern clinical nutritional support therapy are mostly from the initial development of surgery. To adapt to the changes, such as nutrition for the treatment of metabolic disorders and stress after the nutrition assessment, nutrition preparation, the syndrome types and characteristics of nutrient input channel, the establishment and monitoring of clinical nutrition, the content involved, first aroused great concern to surgeons.
Professor, academician of Academy of Sciences Qiu Fazu is China surgical academia, in decades of medical career, not only with the operation knife created general surgery and organ transplant surgery, abdominal surgery, field of extraordinary history in China, but also China's first batch of contact application of parenteral nutrition therapy pioneers. To celebrate the forty anniversary of the birth of fat emulsion, not long ago, the 92 year old professor Qiu in Wuhan gladly accepted an exclusive interview with this newspaper. The following is the Qiu Lao dialogue with the press.
Reporter: Excuse me, Professor Qiu remember his first use of nutrition therapy scene?
Professor Qiu: remember. That was in 1968, fat emulsion was invented not long ago. A senior commander of the troops in driving crashed into a tree, rupture of the spleen appears after intestinal obstruction. Can not be separated because of intestinal adhesion between very close, fail two times, operation, postoperative intestinal perforation occurred more than 10, had to wait for 3 months, and can not eat; 3 months after resection of all small intestinal perforation, leaving only 70 cm segment of intestine. In this long 3 months, we use to buy back from Hongkong fat emulsion and glucose to maintain its life, to win the operation time. Can say, the patient is to rely on parenteral nutrition was miraculously survived.
Reporter: from years of practice, how do we evaluate status, clinical nutrition in the whole medical role in development?
Professor Qiu: the status and role of clinical nutrition is very important. Many surgical diseases can not be immediately operation, must rely on nutrition to win time. During the Vietnam War of beauty, even in the brine are not difficult circumstances, had picked from the tree coconut, infusion Coconut Juice to save the critically wounded life, because Coconut Juice components can meet the nutritional needs of the human body. I remember 25 years ago I met a similar to the above the senior commanders of abdominal wounds of the young soldier, I insist on waiting for 3 months, at the same time the application of parenteral nutrition; 3 months after a successful operation, save the young soldier's life, also once again confirmed the great value of parenteral nutrition.
Reporter: at present in the treatment of clinical nutrition in our country, the proportion of parenteral nutrition for 80%, the proportion of enteral nutrition for 20%, it and many developed countries the opposite is true. How do you view the relationship of parenteral nutrition and enteral nutrition?
Professor Qiu: nutrition therapy is not a simple matter, handled well can obtain good effect, improper handling may run counter to one's desire. In my opinion, to the application of enteral nutrition in the treatment of first, because the physiological function of enteral nutrition can protect the human intestinal tract. If you do not have the patient's intestinal function in long term, may lead to intestinal mucosal villous atrophy, lead to intestinal bacterial translocation, is not conducive to the rehabilitation of patients.
Of course, we cannot use the enteral nutrition, parenteral nutrition is required. Parenteral nutrition and enteral nutrition is very important, should be well matched. At the same time, but also grasp the flexible use of nutrition, differ from man to man the nutritional therapy for the patients of personalized design.
Reporter: the survey found that, in our country every year tens of millions of patients in hospital, the need for nutritional support therapy ratio was 20% - 30%, but in fact to accept treatment of the proportion is only 2% - 3%. You can predict what the future development trend of nutritional therapy?
Professor Qiu: Based on the importance of nutrition support and current enterostomy technology becomes more mature, should the other sections in the surgical department and outside of ICU such as the Department of internal medicine, gynecology, pediatrics, oncology and other popular nutritional therapy and the concept of technology, to use the nutrition for patients to win the treatment opportunity, let more patients benefit.
Now the nutritional concepts in large hospitals have become very popular, but in the popularity of medium and small hospitals are to be improved. Not long ago, in a primary hospital treated patients transferred to Tongji Hospital, because of gastric perforation after doing repair and leakage, so do the subtotal gastrectomy, then missed, so the patients to our hospital for treatment of Tongji hospital. When the patient's condition is very poor, all the wounds dehiscence, rupture of duodenal stump. The patients in the past already dead, but we through parenteral nutrition treatment for a period of time, to win the opportunity of operation. Then through the operation wound repair, and the start of enteral nutrition therapy, the patient's condition is getting better and better. This case is a good illustration of the rescue of nutrition for critically ill patients is very important. To be sure, if the grass-roots hospitals can master the nutritional therapy, like large hospitals, will enable more critically ill patients rescue. Therefore the future nutritional therapy will be even more popular, make more patients benefit.
Reporter: would you please clinical application on our nutrition mention a little hope?
Professor Qiu: wish our clinical nutrition therapy can be more popular, more deeply, for the majority of patients, especially to make greater contributions to critically ill patients!
Academician Qiu Fazu: the father of Chinese surgery, academician of the Chinese Academy of sciences. Hangzhou was born in December 6, 1914 in Zhejiang Province, engaged in medical and surgical, teaching, scientific research work for nearly 65 years, is the main development to promote the development of abdominal surgery in China and general surgery, the main founder and founder is also China's organ transplant surgery