Series before words:
The human body every part, every cell, veins blood, immunity and cancer factor, growth hormone and so on, no one not by a variety of nutrient transformation and. Good, reasonable, balanced nutrition is the human health, basis and guarantee of survival against disease.
The related research data shows, our country incidence rate of hospitalized malnourished patients up to about 50%. As an indispensable part in the system of clinical nutrition, nutrition therapy for individual nutrition and nutrition problems under the disease status of each system of human body, play an irreplaceable important role.
From 70's of last century, along with the fat emulsion was successfully used in clinical nutrition support, some experts in Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and other places have begun to carry out a variety of intestinal and parenteral nutrition. This is almost started at the same time, with the western developed countries. Today, reviewing the clinical nutrition has passed, how should we look at the current situation of the development of evaluation of clinical nutritional support in China and the future? In the working mode, basic theory, application technology, team construction, preparation quality and many other aspects, we have what experience lesson is worth summarizing remember?
Not long ago, the reporter visited the relevant clinical treatment mechanism and have made outstanding contributions to clinical nutrition in China representative enterprises, and made the current edition. Hope that these scholars, everybody (founder of theory and practice and witnesses) review, and they published the views, opinions, deepen the understanding of clinical nutrition in China to help the reader, helpful in your future work.
Nutrition is the biological grow, organ, tissue repair and maintenance of the basis of life. From microorganisms, plant to animal, as long as they are living things cannot do without nutrition. In the main part of nutrients is protein. One Western philosopher even so stressed: life is a living form of protein.
In real life, people especially the patient ever more attention on clinical nutrition. This is because the normal people are relying on gastrointestinal absorption of nutrients, but once the sick, loss of appetite, poor digestion, or disease caused by gastrointestinal tract itself, rely on to eat nutrients can be a problem. Although the fat emulsion, amino acids, glucose appeared to have been in the last century four, fifty time, humans cannot by parenteral nutrition channel to solve the problem, these nutrients are very strong on venous irritation, when the infusion of large quantity, high concentration of the body cannot bear.
Until 1968 American doctors will be full of nutrients, for war big vein was successfully inserted into a newborn children in vivo, and won the opportunity of operation after 8 months for it, humans have long relied on venous accepted nutritional wishes to come true. At that time people the image of the intravenous infusion is called "artificial gastrointestinal". Later, the human in order to solve the problem of weight loss diet astronauts in space condition and research method gradually developed into today's enteral nutrition. It is the parenteral nutrition and enteral nutrition in the emergence of clinical nutrition have a qualitative leap, but also to let the nutritional support has become one of the most important medical advances of the last century and organ transplantation racing together bridle to bridle, its direct result of a large number of seriously ill patients access to rehabilitation.
Over the years, our clinical nutrition preparation, product variety and quality has been a welcome development, choice of doctors is also more and more big. For example, milk fat is essential in parenteral nutrition products, and Huarui production of Intralipid is one of the classic product. With the advent of 1961 using soybean as raw material milk fat products Intralipid, it has gradually become a necessary product for use in parenteral nutrition clinic, and its security has been a long-term verification. At present, there are some new function more fat dairy products such as fish oil fat emulsion, the structure of fat emulsion, at the same time with fat emulsion based parenteral nutrition technology also has a new development, have the fat milk, glucose and amino acid of three kinds of important nutrients in one infusion products in the domestic come out, is Huarui Calvin, it can be widely used in popular general.
At the Department of general surgery of General Hospital of Nanjing Military Region treatment from the intestinal fistula, short bowel syndrome, intestinal failure and other diseases, plays a particularly important role in nutrition support. Before the 70's of the last century parenteral nutrition is not the invention and application of domestic short bowel patients, the mortality rate is as high as 60% - 70%. In 1969 we make do with whatever is available in the country took the lead in the use of parenteral nutrition in treatment of patients with successful, by 2004 only has been connected to the Department of general surgery in our hospital treatment of 37000 cases of intestinal fistula patients, of which 35000 cases underwent a clinical nutrition therapy, and receive the good result. From 1986 onwards, there are hundreds of thousands from across the country doctors are trained in General Hospital of Nanjing Military Region from year to year, who would later become the backbone of our nutritional support.
In the initial stage of the domestic application of clinical nutrition, to explore the country only Beijing Concord, Shanghai Zhongshan several hospital and General Hospital of Nanjing Military Region etc.. At that time no data, no drug products, even the needles are on their own design and processing. In the Mount Lu held a national first clinical nutrition academic will only 45 participants, 8 articles. Now the situation has very different. Most clinicians to recognize the importance of nutrition support continues to deepen, more and more large scope of application. Now the domestic have not only professional academic organization of clinical nutrition and a team including master, doctoral, postdoctoral, professional team, but also in clinical nutrition foundation theory, popularization, application technology.
