Nutritional support therapy has become one of the important measures to rescue critically ill patients in clinic. In recent years, nutritional support measures to guarantee, a lot of disease treatment effect is greatly improved. The mortality of severe acute pancreatitis rate decreased significantly, the mortality of digestive tract fistula rate decreased significantly, short bowel syndrome patients more safely through the decompensation. Such success stories have be too numerous to enumerate.
Despite the clinical nutritional support has made great progress, but far from reach "perfect" level, but also a lot of problems. Already developed areas and units, more in the nutritional support, there are still a variety of "non standard" phenomenon during implementation. While in the area and unit lags behind development, the problems on more. Due to the lack of enough understanding on the change characteristics of nutrient substrate metabolism of the body under stress, the characteristics of various nutritional formulation is not familiar with, in the preparation of species selection, dose, and infusion mode is often not appropriate, so that the incidence of various complications remains high, nutritional support treatment effect is not obvious. Abuse of nutrition agents, also waste a lot of medical resources. Therefore, study group for making "clinical nutritional support implementation guide the surgeons clinical nutrition support (hereinafter referred to as the" guide ""
), to the greatest extent to avoid all kinds of non planning operation.
There are many clinical concepts need to be emphasized, many wrong practices need to correct. The first is about the elective gastrointestinal nutrition support after operation indications. On a good nutritional status, postoperative short-term fasting, generally do not need nutritional support of special, really need nutritional support to fasting is more than 7 days of critically ill patients, and malnutrition patients in peri operation period. Correctly grasp the indication of nutritional support, to avoid unwanted adverse effects, but also save the medicine resources. The second is how to improve the success rate of enteral nutrition. At present is to emphasize the enteral nutrition support, can achieve the same effect with parenteral nutrition, but also can avoid the severe complications of parenteral nutrition of catheter-related sepsis. But in the current clinical generally did not build attention tube feeding way. Originally, just lift a finger preset nasojejunal tube or jejunostomy tube during the operation, but because the surgeon weak sense is neglected, so that the postoperative enteral nutrition support can not be used. Because not regulate the concentration of enteral nutrition liquid and the rate of infusion, so that the patient has an adverse reaction of abdominal distension, diarrhea, was forced to abandon the enteral nutrition. Parenteral nutrition single bottle transfusion is another very common non standardized operation. Single lose fat emulsion not only prone to adverse reactions of palpitations, chest tightness and heat, but also because there is no input at the same time nitrogenous substance and not likely to promote protein synthesis. Single bottle input amino acid liquid is not appropriate, of which a considerable part of the amino acids are used as the energy substance consumption, which is a huge waste. The correct way is to establish the sterile equipment and conditions in the hospital preparation of intravenous infusion, the various nutrition preparation first preparation of mixed perfect nutrient solution (TNA solution), then the input. Finally, mention is albumin abuse, this is very common in clinic. Should understand this issue theoretically. Albumin is an important component of the body, blood albumin level is one of the indexes to evaluate the nutritional status of patients, but human albumin preparations should not as a nutrient nutrition support at. Infusion of albumin to supplement the blood volume, maintain glue seepage pressure approach, be without rebuke. Albumin infusion can promote wound healing view is groundless, and participate in wound healing is mainly a variety of cytokines, protein fiber and rubber element, albumin is not one of them. In order to promote the synthesis of protein, should use of enteral nutrition or parenteral nutrition, nitrogen source of the latter should be recurrent amino acid solution, instead of albumin. Excessive application of albumin is caused by the wrong concept.
To improve the overall level of clinical nutritional support in China, we should take the "guide" for the principle, follow the basic principles of nutritional support, and with every step to guide the implementation of. "Guide" includes introduction and two parts of each theory. The contents of the general include: 1.
Methods for evaluation of nutrition condition; the normal needs of adult nutrition, heat calculation method; indications and contraindications, preparation principle, selection and preparation of input pathway and vote for the method of nutrition and enteral nutrition in the intestine;
Prevention and treatment of enteral nutrition and parenteral nutrition complications. Each chapter clearly describes the basic theory and principle, also have specific data can be reference for clinicians. "The theory guide" is respectively described metabolic state and nutritional support in various diseases, including the elderly, heart disease, lung disease, diabetes, renal failure, cirrhosis of the liver, brain injury, burn, critically ill patients, gastrointestinal function failure, short bowel syndrome, acute pancreatitis, inflammatory bowel disease, cancer, digestive tract fistula organ transplantation and peri operation period, etc.. For each a metabolic state and diseases are described the characteristics of metabolic changes, nutritional support, the key points of implementation principle are described. "Guide" the final chapter is a common clinical enteral, parenteral nutrition formulations (with detailed list).
Follow the basic principles, standardized operation, will improve our clinical nutrition levels, can reduce complications, improve the curative effect, to play a greater role in the treatment of critically ill patients, and avoid the waste of resources. It is a good measure.
Professor Wu Zhaohan, 1938 was born in Shanghai in January, 1962 and graduated from Shanghai First Medical College
