The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhongshan University, former Dean Professor Zhan Wenhua, is China's famous gastrointestinal pancreatic surgery expert, is one of China's basic research on clinical nutrition and promoter of clinical practice. During the interview, Professor Zhan with computer display his shooting, collecting many medical record pictures for reporters, vividly illustrates the dangers of malnutrition and important significance in clinical nutrition therapy.
Reporter: you are famous for gastrointestinal surgery expert, is also one of the important promoter Chinese clinical nutrition theory and practice, the importance and necessity of how do you think of clinical nutrition therapy?
Professor Zhan: clinical nutrition therapy is very important and necessary to. The first is because "common malnutrition". Clinical nutrition treatment mainly implemented in hospitalized patients. In our hospital, the incidence of malnutrition is high. According to the statistical data of foreign countries, inpatient undernutrition or malnutrition rates in Europe for 30%,
Latin America is 50%
. At present, the domestic scholars are investigating patients with malnutrition in hospitalized in our country, the specific data will soon come out. I believe our country inpatient undernutrition or malnutrition ratio is not low, because the general health status of the proportion of the country's economic level, people is closely related to the.
In various diseases, higher, tumor patient malnutrition ratio reached 40-80%, pancreatic, stomach, esophagus and head and neck cancer malnutrition rate is as high as 85%.
Second hospitalized patients after admission, malnutrition will aggravate. Because barium, barium enema, B ultrasound, endoscopy, CT,
MR tests are fasting, gastrointestinal operation also requires fasting bowel preparation. One of the actual situation in our country is big, crowded hospital patients, operation platoon, patient waiting time longer, prolonged hospitalization time, also can aggravate malnutrition. At the same time, the medical community, patients now pay more attention to the quality of life, it also should actively improve the nutritional status of the patients.
Third, the clinician insufficient understanding of the harmfulness of malnutrition, the concept of a considerable number of doctors have not been established "malnutrition is ill". Operation patient poor nutrition can lead to increased morbidity and mortality, prolonged hospital stay, medical costs increased.
From the above points, we can see the importance and necessity of clinical nutritional therapy.
Reporter: would you please talk about the Chinese clinical nutrition (especially the development history of parenteral nutrition).
Professor Zhan: simply said: 60 years ago, is glucose plus protein hydrolysate; 70 - 80 years, open
Beginning in the clinical application of fat emulsion, amino acid; in 90, glutamine, arginine has been used. With the continuous improvement of the level of medical science, people of parenteral nutrition support understanding and concept also gradually comprehensive and deepening, from the initial intravenous hyperalimentation gradually transition to the nutrition support, metabolic support, metabolic conditioning, as well as the current immune nutrition, ecological immune nutrition. Now, most scholars no longer endorsed this view intravenous nutrition, energy supply is too high or even high amino acid supply will cause metabolism and organ function damage. Therefore, some scholars put forward the hypocaloric nutrition support is better than the traditional parenteral nutrition.
Reporter: at present clinical nutrition products are prescription drugs strictly, especially the parenteral nutrition products. So how to correctly implement clinical parenteral nutrition?
Professor Zhan: first is the peripheral vein and central vein infusion of choice. If the patient requires a larger dose for long time, nutrition, we must choose the central venous catheterization, otherwise the patient susceptible to phlebitis. Most of the patients were in need of short-term nutritional support, to choose the peripheral intravenous infusion. This is less of a problem in clinical. But in some places there are also central venous puncture abusive situation. The second is to pay attention to a single bottle transport note and "all in one" mixed infusion. The more common practice, at present, for example, hang up a bottle of glucose, hanging end to hang a bottle of amino acid, then hang fat emulsion. Single bottle transfusion practices, is also common in some large hospital. This is so unfair. The most reasonable way of parenteral nutrition is the use of "all in one", will be a variety of nutrients, including fat emulsion, amino acids, glucose and Trace Elements Science hybrid configuration in the same container, at the same time infusion to patients. "All in one" nutrient solution accord with human body physiological uptake pattern, nutrients can be fully utilized.
Also note that the glycolipids, suitable proportion of low calorie and low nitrogen, the two problems in the theory of sex is very strong, I can't explain in detail. The best thing I emphasize "recover one's original simplicity", is in the postoperative patients can eat, gastrointestinal function, or to let the patient eat, can from the fluid start, or first use of enteral nutrition liquid in the infusion of nutrient solution, not a.
Reporter: gastrointestinal surgery clinical nutrition, especially the parenteral nutrition what new ideas and practices in the academic point of view, the clinical practice?
Professor Zhan: total parenteral nutrition (TPN) is a new concept. TPN is needed from the patient parenteral supply all the nutrients, including enough heat, a variety of amino acids, essential fatty acids, vitamins and electrolytes and trace elements, with the patient in not intake and absorption and must withstand the severe trauma or complicated operation, can still maintain good nutritional status. Because the nutrients supplied TPN does not need to pass through the gastrointestinal digestion is directly by using body tissue, so it is called "artificial gastrointestinal".
A survey, receiving total parenteral nutrition support in patients with
