After the beginning of summer, Kunming is becoming more and more hot, frozen drinks consumption also increases, but when we satisfy a craving to eat popsicles, but I do not know what to eat ice lolly quality is qualified. Yesterday, a reporter from the Yunnan provincial quality and Technical Supervision Bureau was informed that, in order to standardize market order and promote the frozen drinks, frozen drinks quality improvement, the effective protection of the vast number of consumers of health, in April this year, the organization of Quality Supervision Bureau of province to carry out special supervision and spot check the quality of frozen drinks. The results show that, on the market for frozen drinks checks pass rate of only 12.94%.
85 products only 11 fully qualified
The frozen beverage quality products special spot checks, including ice cream, ice cream, mud and snow, ice lolly, a total sample of 35 frozen drinks in Kunming, Honghe, Dali production, distribution of 85 products enterprises. The test results show that, there are 11 products seized items are all qualified, product sampling qualified rate is 12.94%, there are 74 products unqualified, unqualified rate was 87.06%, the product sample pass rate of nearly 27 percentage points lower than last year 39.39%.
Use of food additives do not indicate
In the sample, not according to the national "food labeling standard" provisions in the product packaging marked on the use of food additives name, intended to conceal the true information products, misleading consumers are very common. In 74 of unqualified products, 39 products internal quality meet the national standard requirements, but due to the use of food additives in products such as sweeteners, coloring agent does not indicate, was judged to be unqualified products, is the main reason causing the qualified rate of decline than last year's.
Microbial exceed the standard is more serious
The spot checks have 16 products CFU indexes exceed the national standard requirements, there are 18 products coliform group indicator than the standard provisions of the state, accounting for the total number of unqualified products 24.32%, among them, there are 1 products the total number of colonies was 19000cfu/g, exceeding the national standard requirements (less than 3000 cfu/g) 6.3 times, 5 products of coliform bacteria up to 2400 MPN/100g, exceeding the national standard requirements (less than 100 MPN/100g) 24 times. These microorganisms severely exceed the standard products, consumers will cause diarrhea and other intestinal diseases.
Ice cream too few nutrients
Because of the frozen beverage raw materials such as sugar, milk powder, butter prices continue to rise, some enterprises in order to reduce costs, the pursuit of profits, excess, super scope for use of food additives such as sodium saccharin, cyclamate with alternatives such as sugar in the ingredients, some shoddy work or use of low quality raw materials, and some are even industrial raw materials, resulting in total sugar content a serious shortage of. Frozen drinks part to milk, egg is a symbol of the total solids content is very low, replace sb. is very low nutritional value of corn starch, wheat flour, vegetable oil and industrial milk powder of poor quality materials such as.
Due to the price reason, beverage enterprises in Yunnan rarely the production of ice cream. The enterprises in Yunnan Province in the sample of 3 ice cream samples, proteins that are not up to standard requirements, one of the products of protein was the standard requirements of 10%.
11 kinds of frozen drinks can be assured to eat
From the random situation, quality inspection of foreign product qualified rate is higher than the province of products. In 85 products of 35 enterprises in the province checks, involving 8 well-known enterprises for the production of 28 products, 57 products in 28 enterprises. In 11 the qualified products, foreign products are 8, the province of products 3.
