Living in Zhuozhou for 8 months, Zhang Di and his daughter felt "very enjoy". Each living room are sunny, buy food can also buy the drop of morning dew fresh vegetables, next door neighbours are still the yard "than a tree".
Old Han also like appreciating the downstairs neighbors carefully tidying up the little garden. Think of their own in the 15 storey building Puhuangyu house, out the door "is the noise and exhaust gas, is the" old Han think, Yanjiao this quiet spacious home is a good pension choice.
However, after living in housing, nor are they enjoy.
Doctor shopping tired still be lonely
The new problems of new immigrants ""
The afternoon of April 29th, entered the door, the old Han put in the room of the calendar off. The above date stopped in April 16th, is the old two last came the day of Yanjiao.
After house decoration good, two old people every week will come and stay for two or three days. However, an unexpected things last autumn but let old two live the thought of Hebei some shaken.
Later that night, the old Han's wife Cui teacher suddenly stomach; "have neither Kin nor relatives" in Yanjiao, "you said it was dark and find who go to?"
The area around the person rare car less, basically can not see the taxi. Although the local also has 120, but the old man never used, do not feel at ease. Talking about the scene at that time, Cui teacher still uneasy. Medical insurance designated hospital of the two old people in Beijing, "just look here, also cannot submit an expense account."
"Old people, cannot do without the hospital." Once would like to live in the old man suffered the plight of reality medical problems. Health care not connected to become a bottleneck restricting Beijing immigrants from home.
While the consumption environment disparity also let some of Beijing "new immigrants" from time to time shopping fatigue.
Yanjing Metro North side near the road together with the land overgrown with weeds, in sharp contrast with the bright and tidy houses not far away. The old Han said, the land in the sand table model district is a large supermarket, but do not know why has been a waste, area residents daily shopping depends mainly on the two or three small shops nearby. Walked into the shop, the light immediately down the dark, big and small bags filled with all kinds of fruit and vegetables piled on the floor, shelves crowded with daily necessaries, detergents, paper towels and other daily necessities, most of the goods are only one or two brands to choose.
Want to go to Yanjiao's most bustling commercial pedestrian street, from the gate of the community to sit "Morocco" will take approximately 20 minutes, while in the pedestrian street is also only a few Jeanwest two or three line brand franchise stores. A small door to sit in the old small public to the pedestrian street, have to wait 20 minutes before class.
Not far from the pedestrian street of the palace market is one of the main shopping place for local residents, the open-air large-scale in a free market, a large concentration of Vegetable &amp; Fruit eggs, shoes and clothing stalls. Among them, two operating audio-visual products store filled with drama of movie and TV of VCD disk, DVD disk scanty; but in the Beijing video store, to occupy the absolute advantage on the shelf is VCD DVD DVD, disc only in a minority of music or teaching content.
Compared with Yanjiao, Zhuozhou shopping environment of relative superiority. Zhuozhou branch is the first station small Taurus supermarket out of Beijing. In addition, maple, Hua Guan, Beijing yikelong supermarket has opened in Zhuozhou's bustling section. Nevertheless, in Zhuozhou to enjoy the lady Zhang Di villa life still refer to "buy fresh food here, but what to buy clothes, also have to return to Beijing, the whole thing, the new style."
Zhuozhou is a county-level city China mainland owns KFC store number is not much, but Yonghe soybean milk, McDonald's, Pizza Hut and other common on the streets of Beijing are still not involved in all kinds of fast food shop.
Besides the objective problem of medical and consumer environment, change life atmosphere also need to relocate the Beijing people to adapt to. Cui teacher now live far, Lao Jie Fang don't see. "Originally suspected that no house hall, is not convenient to people. To live here, hall is big, but no one came."
City Construction and upgrading of local people are afraid of housing prices
"Bring new impact of new immigrants"
He moved to Hebei, changed the lives of Beijing people, inevitably also affect the development of "immigrants".
"We certainly welcome Beijing people." Yanjiao Development Zone, deputy director of dangzhengban Zhen Xiushu think, moved to Beijing people have a positive impact on Yanjiao's third industry, increase the density of talents in Yanjiao. Yanjiao Beijing people have their own social circle, they come here, to help Yanjiao free advertising.
Zhuozhou is currently the downtown high-rise residential development real estate businessman told reporters, they had a six layer of ordinary residential projects, was also a Beijing people to enter, but the number is not much. The company's investigation found, such property is not in line with the Beijing people's psychological expectations. To Zhuozhou to buy a house of Beijing in recognition of relatively low housing prices more, more about the house's apartment layout structure, facilities, green area, property management etc..
Zhuozhou city planning bureau director Huang Yidong said, Beijing high quality, culture, pay attention to the living environment, the higher demands on the city and residential area planning. The people of Beijing to Zhuozhou purchase, and promote the upgrading the quality of city construction of Zhuozhou city.
Immigration to Beijing Hebei local residents of what?
"The past two years prices rise really fast." Zhuozhou City real estate transaction management staff said.
According to the Zhuozhou municipal construction