Experts call for: scientific fitting, proper care, regular inspection
Wear contact lenses and eye health is the focus of the user has been of concern. In April 17, 2006, the domestic famous expert of Department of Ophthalmology together "contact lens and ocular surface health seminar", stressed and the correct use of scientific fitting is the guarantee of healthy to wear contact lenses.
Experts pointed out that the recent emergence of some countries and regions in fungal keratitis caused by Fusarium is a occurs in agriculture after the injury of eye disease, see more peasants occupation, contact lens related cases are very rare. According to statistics, in 2005 January -2006 year in April the Department of Ophthalmology of Beijing Tongren Hospital Research Institute to treat the patients and found no contact lens corneal infection of fusarium.
The experts agreed that: the contact lens is a high-tech products corrected visual acuity of vision correction, in effect, has the incomparable advantage of frame glasses; scientific fitting, proper care, regular inspection is the key to a healthy wear contact lenses.
First of all, the clinical data is used to prove the scientific and standardized method of fitting, can guarantee the health of wearing contact lens users.
In the fitting process eye research center of Peking University and Tianjin Ophthalmic Hospital contact lens optical center in 2002 more than 40000 cases of -2005 years in the eyes of the user, the bulk of always stay healthy, without the occurrence of 1 cases of corneal infection.
In the statistical data of -2005 in Zhongshan in 1987 the Zhongshan University Department of Ophthalmology, as there have been no serious corneal infections.
Second, through the clinical observation data of 1-16 years wearing historical users show that, in the scientific fitting and proper use, contact lenses have no effect on health, glasses embodies in: corneal not flattened, thinning and there will be no changes of hypoxia.
Third, the most important of the successful experience of experts pointed out that the above is to cultivate scientific fitting, the wearer of regular inspection and good nursing habits:
1 to check eye health procedures and equipment normal the optician glasses. Only healthy eyes can consider wearing contact lenses.
2 according to each person and the different requirements, select the appropriate contact lens products, and to develop different review plan.
3 correct contact cleaning and care of glasses, a review is conducted at least every half a year.
