In May 9, "five one" golden week, pharmaceutical companies and pharmacies not idle, after 7 days of "bitter", nearly 30 domestic pharmaceutical enterprises responsible person and Tianjin city common people big pharmacy signed a supply agreement, commitment to the future 10% to 20% in the large pharmacy chain stores in all sales related drug price. According to the insiders, the signing of the agreement is expected to Tianjin city similar drug prices lower 10%.
All call parity pharmacies of homogeneous competition
This spring, if the selection of the most people pay attention to words, "prices" prices will undoubtedly on the list. Although the so-called parity pharmacies in Tianjin city has been in existence for four years, but consumers still think prices are not low, hospitals, pharmacies, pharmaceutical companies blame. The alliance 30 companies claimed that since the drop prices 10% to 20% news may make this a better.
"Five one" golden week, nearly 30 drug production enterprises still "battle" in the city, the common people big pharmacy. 8 last night, the enterprise Tianjin area responsible person and the pharmacy finally signed a supply agreement, the agreement will be lowered from 10% to 20% in original price on the basis of price.
According to the insiders, the pharmaceutical factory Rangli, marking the pharmaceutical factory officially joined the burn more prosperous drug price war. It is understood, the city currently has hundreds of pharmacy claims to be parity pharmacies, but these pharmacies in addition to have some difference in personnel management and operation mode, circulation and cost structure are very similar, namely through the control of the management cost to participate in price wars to lower drug prices purpose, so the competition has the homogenization.
Squeeze the circulation water industry decided to price
The common people big pharmacy responsible person told the reporter, at present each link in the chain of pharmaceutical industry has been very transparent, this also means that the operator can quantify the extrusion circulation and management processes of the "water", when the "water" squeezed dry, pharmaceutical profit has become the main factor affecting the price.
