Nearly a year before the drugstore market may occur in a new round of expansion tide. "May Day" so-called drug parity killer "happy people pharmacy" two stores opened at the same time, landing Guangzhou market. According to happy people, deputy general manager Li Chunping revealed, "happy people" will be in three years in Guangzhou open 300 parity pharmacies. In Guangzhou has more than 140 chain stores in China Nepstar is accelerating its speed of set up shop, its general manager Zhao Dongqiang told reporters, the second half of this year will further expansion of 50 new stores. At the same time, another just in the field of medicine chain sales agency says three years in Guangzhou open 1000 parity pharmacies.
Price advantage loss
However, the industry refers to, after several rounds of price surge, the price advantage of pharmacy now parity has gradually lost in Guangzhou fierce competition in the market, as the successor, happy man alone has been difficult to move the Guangzhou market price. In the face of a wave after wave of price surges, Guangzhou local pharmacies mining Chi Lin, old pharmacy Jianmin began playing cards to open stores parity, parity, the commonly used drug prices, has always been to the quality, convenience for advantage but expensive Guangzhou Nepstar, last year three times in a row on the large scale reduction. At present, different drugstore price in Guangzhou city has not.
Parity pharmacies from big to small
Analysis of a long-term study of pharmacy professionals, supermarkets can stimulate the market in a certain period of time, but its costs and risks are relatively large. The happy person, in the newly opened Guangzhou Waring shop only 300 square metres, a change in parity pharmacy is an open thousands of square metres of mode. And not long ago people in Zhongshan Road store is only 500 square meters, far less than before in Jiangnan Avenue on the headquarters.
The people of Guangzhou general manager Jiang Xin said, after the shop to shop of 500 square meters, the location of community based. Guangdong Jin Kang pharmacy general manager Zheng Haotao said: "the market capacity is relatively fixed, you and I are open, radiation crowd parity pharmacies will shrink. Parity pharmacies more open, without increasing the price sensitive consumers, reduced radiation ability to parity pharmacies."
Spell the price war to fight
Price is not enough to attract customers, what happy people by leveraging the market? The personage inside course of study says to the reporter, in accordance with the law, 200 square meters of shops, on turnover in 10000 yuan of above to be able to maintain normal operation, and pharmacies can attract fixed consumers this is critical.
Happy people, deputy general manager of Li Chunping said, they not only to fight the price, more is together. Pharmacies will not regularly took out 10 varieties of drug pricing by consumers, and as the pharmacy long-term sales price, the drug price transparency. In addition, two workstations in each pharmacy, each workstation helping 10 poor households, each given 1000 yuan drug assistance.
Analysis of the industry, with the increasingly fierce market competition, the policy of gradually clear, the drug price transparency, future drug retail market competition, price war will not disappear, but not the main means, brand, service will become the main form of competition.