"Invisible" zone one: forget care nursing lens mirror box
The lens protein was removed, microbial attachment which is difficult, disinfectant can directly reach the surface of the lens, thereby effectively disinfect the lenses. For contact lens users must first cultivate a good habit of cleaning and maintenance in lens care, which will not only make the lens life extension, will bring to eyes bright and comfortable feel.
Must pay attention to the following details nursing liquid instructions: nursing liquid should be stored at room temperature; nursing liquid bottle don't touch anything, after use must keep bottle tightly closed, to avoid pollution; it must be used before the expiration date, the use of 3 months and in the open bottle. In dealing with the front of the lens, must be thoroughly clean and dry hands; after the same lens to complete all the nursing procedure, can deal with another lens, each form the first left right after the sequence of cleaning the lens, so as to avoid confusion; lens except after must use care solution soak fresh storage reservoir. Do not use non care nursing lens, or mix with other nursing liquid.
A lot of contact lens users really attaches great importance to the selection and nursing care of contact lenses, but, for contact lens mirror box but little attention. Department of Ophthalmology experts suggest us: nursing daily on the mirror box is an important link is often the user to ignore.
Contact lens wearer eye often allergic reaction and complications, which was mainly caused by the precipitation of proteins have been metamorphosed and so, periodically clear the mirror box in the protein it is important for reducing allergic reaction and complications. Bacteria in protein can also secrete a layer of biological membrane in the mirror box, so that they can protect themselves from being attached to them, disinfectant in killing. Therefore, in the daily use, the lens after wearing, must pour dry nursing liquid mirror box; in immersion lens storage before, to flush the mirror box for nursing liquid fresh; note that can not be used repeatedly nursing liquid or retention of nursing liquid in a mirror box; every week will need to mirror box with boiling water boil for 20 minutes, then air dry naturally. In addition, must be changed every 3 months a new mirror box regularly.
"Invisible" zone two: do not often wear glasses should regularly change
While any kind of contact lens care solution have how to wear a clear note, but users rarely read the instructions carefully, often wear contact lenses, carefully read even less. Department of Ophthalmology experts point out that, if carefully follow the instructions on the requirements to wear contact lenses, will greatly reduce the occurrence of inflammation related.
Wear contact lenses, first of all should keep wearing the environment clean, and wearing and nursing care of lens in the clean desktop, and wash hands thoroughly; to check the lens is clean and has no damage, positive and negative differential lens. Wearing glasses, the occurrence of blurred vision should consider whether to wear lenses, the lens on the wrong about anti or the lens is not clean. In daily life, we should not be wearing the night; if the sand into the eyes, do not rub the eyes, and as soon as possible to remove the lens, the lens of washing, disinfection and then wear; if the makeup, should be in the makeup before wear lenses, remover and pluck the lens; wash or bath, or use the eruption agent, should be tightly closed eyes, to protect the lens from pollution; do not wear contact lenses to swim or take a shower etc..
"In fact, in our country, with contact lenses is not very standardized, generally in the roadside glasses shop can buy. While in Europe and the United States and other developed countries, the purchase of contact lenses is like buying prescription drugs, must be conducted under the guidance of a doctor." The Shanghai Department of Ophthalmology experts pointed out.
Invisible glasses changed regularly, seems to be businessmen often cry of a word, but it seems in many users is but the merchants in order to enhance the sales tactics, so often ignored. However, contain a lot of protein in human tears, contact lens wearing after a certain time, tear components will form a deposition on the lens, protein is the most common form of film deposition. 60 proteins of approximately 1 / 3 for lysozyme. Soft lens material is aqueous polymer, such as high water cut, ionization lens on the market at present, this kind of lens wear 5 hours (or less), which can detect the protein absorption, a few days later to detect lysozyme capacity of up to 1000mg. From the general lens extraction protein is not denatured, but if due to heat or long time wearing denatured protein, so the lens will become rough and unclear, leading to lens oxygen permeation rate decreased, corneal hypoxia, cause eye allergy and inflammation.
In many small young urban men, sharing glasses are very common. Especially some college male students, because they rarely wear, just play for sports, so often and not change for a long time. In fact, the period of validity of the lens start is from Kaifeng date, regardless of whether to wear every day, should according to the requirements of regular replacement.
"Invisible" zone three: hypertension (special interview) were careful to wear contact lenses
According to the Department of Ophthalmology experts, initially using contact lenses, because not used to, often there will be some initial symptoms, such as foreign body sensation, hyperemia, stimulation of tear secretion increased and tears, these are a normal phenomenon. However, after fully adapt to contact lenses, then appear tears, sore eyes, it should be timely analysis of the reasons, is because the dust and foreign matter into the eye caused by, or the eye itself inflammation, injury, or has a scar on the lens, or serious pollution.