Users through the new global package is exempt from the monthly fee, and may at any time to unsubscribe to choose again
Yesterday, the Beijing mobile communication limited liability company held a news conference officially announced, approved by the Ministry of information industry, from May 11th onwards, the company will roll out in succession including four file "global local package" and "global two stalls, Shenzhouxing super smooth listen packages" and a series of words fee packages. Tariffs are lowered the overall decline was around 20%. Xinhua News Agency
Report from our correspondent
Beijing mobile phone charges sharply cut tomorrow will turn into reality. Beginning in May 11th, consumers can in Beijing mobile business hall or through the Beijing mobile customer service hotline and other means, to handle the new tariff packages, bills down the overall decline in about 20%. This is also the Beijing mobile for the first time on its brands are substantial price concessions.
The Shenzhouxing discount package of two steps to launch this month
Yesterday, held in the Beijing mobile communication limited liability company news release, Beijing mobile deputy general manager Fan Yunjun introduction, the mobile phone fee adjustment is the biggest global tone customers. Because global communication is the core China Mobile brand, at present global users in Beijing has about 2000000 households, but before this, preferential tariff activities through the world, than China Mobile's other brands such as "Shenzhouxing" "M-Zone" less. Therefore, this time with the GSM customers offers four packages, and the choice of these four packages for users can be exempt from the global pass 50 yuan basic monthly fee.
In addition, in answer, global tone customers can also choose 10 yuan or 20 yuan two file answer preferential tariff scheme.
Beijing mobile also announced yesterday, "Shenzhou Xing super smooth listen packages" in May 11th the first launched the "20 yuan to answer 1000 minutes" of the package, in late May to launch "10 yuan to answer 500 minutes" package.
If the user wants to change the package, can unsubscribe at anytime, then choose their own packages can be in accordance with the relevant agreement to rescind the original package ".
Mobile phone charges said there is still room for downward adjustment
Although the mobile tariff reduction is Beijing's biggest ever, but Beijing mobile deputy general manager fan Yunjun said there is still room for the price. Fan Yunjun introduces, tariff reduction is mainly composed of the cost and the volume of business to decide. If the tariff cut, can stimulate the release of Beijing, the demand of the market, expand customer scale, can be diluted down after the loss of profits. So to achieve a virtuous circle, mobile phone tariff is still down space.
Beijing Mobile said, set after adjustment is bound to cause large-scale transformation of the system, including billing system, mobile aspects of early in the marketing, service, support for the preparation, impact on the customer's system busy not normal voice and data services.
Beijing Unicom tariff decline will be bigger and better than moving
Reporters yesterday informed that the Unicom aspects of tariff adjustment is likely to be greater than the mobile reduction. Reportedly, Beijing Unicom fee adjustment scheme has been submitted to the Ministry of Information Industry Ministry of information industry, is expected to reply will be finished in two days.
Unicom said, submitted to the Ministry of information industry of the price adjustment scheme, the price range and intensity were higher than that of Beijing mobile.
It is understood that the reduction scheme in Beijing Unicom approval, all users including GSM and CDMA, this means that the Beijing area all users 130 and 133 are expected to drop sharply get calls. Compared with the Beijing movement of the 10 yuan and 20 yuan two package called, Unicom to apply in Beijing called monthly, the monthly fee may be in 5 yuan or even lower.
- FAQ
When China will have bigger privilege?
User: the preferential benefit activity mainly for global customers, whether Shenzhouxing will take global that monthly package mode in the future?
Beijing mobile Shenzhouxing users: in the tariff adjustment before, have enjoyed quite a number of preferential policies, such as the original for Shenzhouxing launched the "12593" new trunk line, "happy talk" and "happy to listen to" business. And M-Zone customers in August last year had also adopted preferential tariff.
Therefore do not adjust the moving flag in the short term under other brands of tariff.
SMS MMS have no price probably?
Users: such as SMS and MMS mobile data services have not lowered the possibility?
Beijing mobile data service and voice service: packing is a new direction for the future tariff adjustments. Beijing mobile is studying the preferential scheme of data service and voice service package, also in the aspects of marketing and cross selling to prepare.
Analysis of CATR one expert, the bundle bundle, although the level of business profits led to a decline in speech, but can promote the rise of other data traffic, diluted mobile price cost, for the overall consumption of mobile phone user growth still has great role in promoting.
In the short term can one-way fee?
Although the use of mobile users: the new package, close to the one-way charging, but the package does not cover all users, can adopt one-way charging or direct price does not take the package?
Beijing Mobile: package design at present have been able to meet most of the needs of customers, because of cost considerations, so do not take direct cut method. In addition, in the one-way charging, and regulatory risk, the other by mobile phone one-way charging area has had problems in the supervision, in the current regulatory mechanism is not fully established circumstances, will not test