Newspaper reporter Duan Zhimin high
Following last month the Yongle and Dazhong two giant announced the start for a period of one year after the merger plan, another industry merger is also underway. The reporter learned yesterday, the world's largest home appliance chain giant America best buy will be $120000000 holding fourth large domestic home appliance chain business in Jiangsu five star. Once the transaction is completed, Chinese home appliance chain map will appear again "city changes barons flag" scene.
The joint venture agreement signed in April
In fact, almost with the Yongle and Dazhong announced merger programs at the same time, best buy to buy five star appliance rumors in the home appliance industry is rife. But the parties are carefully conceal mentioning, so the lack of market further news.
Reporters yesterday from insiders at home appliance industry finally confirmed, best buy acquired Jiangsu five-star one thing has been basically "finalized": best buy to a high of $120000000, with a 51% stake in five star appliance. Their joint venture agreement signed in April namely actually, formal information "may soon announce". But not formally published before, do not rule out the possible misfortune.
In this regard, best buy China Company and five star appliance related sources said yesterday, as the best buy for America listing Corporation, joint ventures without USA securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved, no exact message can be issued. Five Star Appliance planning center director star said, best buy's acquisition of Five Star Appliance once a formal message, will be issued by the headquarters of a unified. The star said, five star executives have been very much hope that the cooperation with the strength of the foreign home appliance chain business.
Although best buy China Company and five star appliance on M &amp; a message still said very cautious, but the official website of the Ministry of Commerce back in a month ago has the message "exposure". The website of the Ministry of Commerce said: "on the morning of April 7th, the NPC Standing Committee, vice chairman of the NPC Financial and Economic Committee, President of the association of enterprises with foreign investment China Shi Guangsheng met with USA best buy Group Chairman Richard Suze and the leading member of the board at the Great Hall of the people. Shu Ze introduced the best buy company, said it would continue to expand in China procurement scale, especially the recent five star appliance China private enterprises signed a joint venture agreement, use its advanced experience of management and logistics technology, enhance the level of Chinese home appliances circulation."
Change "dances with wolves"
Informed sources, best buy's in five star appliance, the plan will remain "five star" brand, and to the mainland market and Gome, Suning, Yongle and other home appliance chain enterprises competition; and in Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou and other big city, with best buy brand to build high-end flagship store. Not long ago, best buy in the mainland's first flagship store has just settled in Shanghai Xujiahui jiangshan. The need for rapid expansion, best buy is heavily solicit retail talent, has claimed the original Shenzhen e-home high-rise to.
It is understood, compared to Gome, Suning has become a national chain of home appliance giant, was founded in 1998, five star appliance is headquartered in Nanjing and Beijing Dazhong identity -- are more similar to the giant home appliance chain area. Five star stores are mainly concentrated in Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Yunnan, Sichuan, Henan, Jiangxi and other provinces. In the Ministry of Commerce released the "2005 national commercial chain 30 strong" ranking, five star appliance sales reached 14600000000 yuan, stores the size to 193, ranking the mainland fourth home appliance chain. The three giant Gome, Suning and Yongle after the merger of large and medium-sized, the number of stores were more than 400, 350 and 300.
As the world's largest home appliance chain, with annual sales of more than $30000000000 best buy to enter the Chinese appliance procurement market in 2003 after September, actually has been hard to find into the China home appliance retail market opportunities. Since 2005, best buy group headquarters top several visits to Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Wuhan, Chongqing and other key city shop, looking for opportunities. The second half of last year, Beijing IKEA Home Furnishing announced that it will move to Wangjing from Madian, the original site also once drew the best buy investigation.
Once the joint venture holding five star appliance, best buy will undoubtedly overnight has nearly 200 stores in Chinese market, and has a challenge with Gome, Suning, Yongle three giants in the southeastern coastal market. At that time, not only Chinese home appliance chain industry just because of Yongle, Dazhong merged to form the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" pattern was broken, and Chinese home appliance chain market will really have "dances with Wolves" era.
Tomorrow the domain into energy-saving
Best buy's come with evil intent, Gome, Suning, Yongle senior had evidently do adequate psychological preparation. As early as a year ago, Gome boss Wong Kwong Yu visit the best buy American headquarters, had the confidence to best buy senior said: "I know why I have not put GOME stores in Shanghai into the listing Corporation? Because I have been waiting for you (Trial). "
The general manager of Gome appliance chain development center Sun Yiding said yesterday, best buy, such as the successful acquisition of Five Star appliance, will naturally become a competitor, but the enterprise after the acquisition to go through a period of running in stage, the need for suitable management personnel, is also facing a variety of internal adjustment, so at least the best buy in 3-5 years will not cause too much impact on the Chinese existing home appliance retail pattern. Best buy advocates service-oriented, expand the online transaction model is not necessarily suitable for the current China market. But it seems that in the Suning Appliance Group President Sun Weimin, China home appliance retail market has very in first-tier cities