In May 7th, found a users browse Webpage, represented by Chongqing China restaurant features -- Hot pot, was a South Korean enterprises registered domain names and shouted in line. Chongqing Hot pot Association said will be the same as China Cuisine Association, Chinese Hot pot protection domain and Chongqing Hot pot is infringement of rights to communicate, to investigate the feasibility of.
In April 18th, the media exposed part of the 2005 Super Girl Chinese.CN domain name service Chinese bizarre reptile network events......
In March 18th, the outgoing sol Christopher Wren is hereby (i.e. the movie "Lord of the rings" brand and image of the legal owner) Center for arbitration to solve the "Lord of the rings.CN" belong to the domain name dispute arbitration committee of the international economy and trade.
On March 16th, the day before the new "domain name dispute resolution policy" came into effect, represented by Coca-Cola, Yuesai, such as Exxon, Nescafe TOEFL and other international brands. Chinese Chinese recover.CN domain name.
Since the beginning of 2006, Chinese domain constant turmoil, many enterprises in the brand asset management level is far not really ready to adapt to the network economy era, registration, protection, application of.CN Chinese brook no delay.
Since the end of 2005, Microsoft announced its new IE7.0 will fully support Chinese domain, especially in the major premise "Chinese Internet Era", registration, protection, application of.CN domain name is already represent the general trend Chinese Chinese.
In April 12th, GOOGLE announced the opening of Chinese name "Google" respectively, and at the end of 2005 registered "ancient songs.CN", in the 3 months before the cybersquatting "Google.CN". But on the 12 day, a very easy because the input and produce errors "Valley brother.CN" was registered, it can not be said to be GOOGLE for the localization of the network brand grasp of the flaw in the plan.
Industry experts stressed that, for Chinese Internet era, the application of.CN Chinese Chinese domain name brand asset registration, protection, need to also take out in the traditional economic field "comprehensive, meticulous" spirit, not only for enterprises of the well-known brand, patent technology, features of the product of a comprehensive Chinese.CN Chinese domain name registration, protection, but also to it may produce misunderstanding, ambiguous words protective registration, a hand can for the enterprise to make a comprehensive protection network in the Internet economic era of brand development, on the other hand, also be able to create a good network environment for enterprises in the future network based brand development.