KELON DDT case and new progress: there are a number of Kelon h shareholders to lawyer consultation, registration, involved more than 200 shares shares. These investors are waiting for the mention of pre conditions required anxiously waiting for civil compensation.
In April 29th, Shanghai Xinwangwenda lawyer Song Yixin, Qin Zhenkai published "Kelon to inside and outside the H-share investors solicit the civil compensation lawsuit agent advertisement" in Chinese securities online, fully accept the Kelon Electrical flow of H shares and A shares investor litigation and arbitration agency matters. Lawyer Song Yixin told the "Shanghai Securities News" reporter, "" notice "published the same day, there h shareholders to come to consult the registration, because the five one long rest, firm, many h shareholders try various devices to find my e-mail contact with me. As of today, there have been seven or eight h shareholders to come to counseling, registration, involved has reached more than 50 shares of stock, the amount of loss to be statistics. The H shares shareholders of foreign residents. They are anxiously waiting for the case of prepositional procedure meet."
The first on behalf of the Shanghai Municipal Branch of Nanjing Guangming law firm lawyers Tu Yong Kelon shareholders sued DDT disclosed to reporters: "a number of Kelon h shareholders come to me for advice to prosecute matters. One of them was holding 1500000 shares H shares of Kelon, holding cost up to about 3000000 yuan. He is very eager to meet the pre procedure as soon as possible, in order to v. aggressive."
According to Song Yixin introduction, "according to the provisions of the judicial interpretation of the Supreme People's court, sued the false statement civil compensation must satisfy the pre condition, namely the administrative punishment China CSRC or the Ministry of finance decision, or the relevant court finds that the criminal verdict guilty and entered into force, whichever come first person."
"In the case of Kelon, China CSRC has to Kelon and DDT Certified Public Accountants of hearing procedure of administrative punishment before, if there is no accident, this year the administrative punishment decision will be issued within six months; and Gu Chujun prepare false financial report crime has been the province of Guangdong Municipal People's Procuratorate, Foshan will initiate a public prosecution, criminal trial around the corner. Therefore, investors damaged Kelon Electrical rights including H shares shareholders, filed a civil compensation should not be a problem, just need to wait, everything is ready, only the wind." Song Yixin further explains.
Talking about the case the defendant, Song Yixin said, "Kelon Electrical misrepresentation can involve a lot of the defendant, such as Kelon Company; Gu Chujun original directors, senior executives and personnel directly responsible; the existence of dereliction of duty of the original members of the board of supervisors and independent directors; audit accounting affairs (Accounting for) and assume the responsibility of partner, correlation certified public accountants; and benefit because of false statement associated enterprises, controlling shareholders. But the main defendant has three, namely, Kelon Electrical Company, Gu Chujun, DDT touche Tohmatsu CPA (A shares) or DDT Guan Huang Chen Certified Public Accountants (H shares)."
Song Yixin said, "the securities civil lawsuit system should take the current" Civil Procedure Law "of the common mode of litigation, so Kelon case. In order to jointly filed a lawsuit plaintiff because after the merger of litigation fee according to the proportion calculation, less so the expenditure costs than separate lawsuit brought by the plaintiff paid legal fees. So, as a lawyer, considered from the perspective of investors, I need to raise to a certain number of investors to arrange the Commission charged." (reporter Yue Jingfei He Jun)