Among the Fortune 500 American EMC company has recently received much attention in china. Yesterday, came the Lu Chunchu president of Greater China area the company leave a message.
EMC company is the world in the field of information storage and management leader. "Lu Chunchu is president in name only." EMC company insiders said that at present has verbally announced his resignation, but has not yet been formally published in written form.
And EMC company public relations department of the relevant responsible person stressed that, at present there is no internal argument. When asked whether also to Lu Chunchu described as "still in office", the people hesitant repeatedly, fuzzy replied "temporarily still can."
Shanghai securities news from the EMC the Company Public Relations Department understands, at present Lu Chunchu still USA performing official duties. After the news, after the Secretary storm, Lu Chunchu in the end of year 4 were summoned to the America headquarters for questioning.
However, the industry generally believe that the female secretary event is only Lu Chunchu "leave" factor, the real pressure on him is currently EMC the performance of the company performance in china.
"The second half of last year sales began is not ideal, and in the first quarter of this year can only be used to describe a mess." EMC a marketing department said that earlier, EMC has maintained the trend of rapid growth in the Chinese market.
More let Lu Chunchu to blame is the poor performance, current situation and can not be attributed to the overall downturn in the industry. Analysys International analyst Zhao Yazhou said that in recent years the overall development of China's storage industry is relatively stable, EMC poor performance may be caused by mining enough market space.
EMC staff think the problem lies mainly in Lu Chunchu inefficient management and his tough style is not subordinate to welcome. This point concentrated expression began at the end of last year the personnel shocks, many important management personnel of the company sales department have left EMC, including general manager of several large areas, and these people often hold the hands of customer resources.
It is reported, EMC company had been more than executives because of Lu Chunchu's management dissatisfaction, he appealed to the U.S. headquarters of joint to.
Lu Chunchu served in the IBM of multinational enterprises. In the last year prior to joining EMC, Lu Chunchu left the Oracle Greater China managing director position is referred to and the improper management related. There is no clear message EMC Greater China president one duty successor at present. (text / Chen Road)