[eNet] MSN and Google special comment to fight a decisive battle, this is Microsoft attempt to search the major battle position of hegemony.
In the global search market, Google got the best, although Gates admitted: "we are Google to kick some ass." However, Gates has taken to heart, and never let go, he did not conceal their greed, "we must let Google surprise."
From the beginning of the end of 2004, Microsoft has been in hot pursuit of Google, investment has intensified, searching tentacles expands rapidly, the market operation climax. "Five one" period, Microsoft in the acquisition of Massive and Vexcel two companies at the same time, once again announced a MSN investment plan, following the basic 2005 investment of $500000000, 2007 will be on the MSN online business investment of $1100000000, the next fiscal year, $6200000000 will be spent on research and development funds.
From the continuing acquisition to additional investment, Microsoft decided to further highlight the strong against Google.
Microsoft search technology although slower than Google a few pictures, but Microsoft strategy is expected to get a multiplier effect. Microsoft most adept at putting others technology "carry forward", and become their own means of monopoly market.
For example, IBM and Gates together with the development of new operating system, Gates both man and horse bought Seattle computer product company Tim Paterson called a "quick and dirty" (Quick and
Dirty) products -- the "quick and dirty" is actually a streamlined version of the CP/M8086 operating system. Gates used his "fast" improvement and simple package for the product, and to a name -- MS DOS. It is DOS, the Microsoft fame, the world famous town, the field of global domination PC operating system for 10 years, Gates himself then boarded the richest man in the world.
For instance, Windows is used in Xerox and Apple's technology, the replication of Excel Lotus1-2-3, by IE Netscape's creative, Word is on the Wordstar and Wordperfect imitation...... And so on, all is secure. Microsoft success lies in seven points: three points technology, operation. Not create new styles of commercial operation, there is no Microsoft today, this is Microsoft become software empire "stunts".
Some people said that, really belongs to Microsoft their products, such as Bob, MSN, Slate and so on, no success!
Now, for the MSN, Microsoft has put all your eggs in one basket, Gates is determined to have. Microsoft once again use the tried and true skill, trying to take advantage of the acquisition of force, another round of hegemony dream.
Now, we come to have a look Microsoft acquired two companies, the value of what?
Vexcel company is a manufacturer of remote sensor, the creation of 21 years, although only 130 employees, but owns the UltraCam digital aerial camera, remote sensors and satellites such advanced tools, you can create a map with aerial and satellite photographs. Aerial photographs have become the focus of competition map search, it is also one of the Google to create a strong innovation service. Search and Google for map cake, Microsoft fight for every inch of land, not only put forward "MSN Virtual Earth", and released called "street
View (Jie Jing) "search technology. Microsoft map search products for their high hopes, imagine the acquisition of Vexcel is: "will the real world in a dynamic digital environment, the search service is to provide a best local map". Obviously, the Vexcel will help to enhance the competitiveness of Microsoft map search.
Massive is a newly established company, only two years of history, 80 employees, valuable is, his business model contains strong profitability, hundreds of Games put in advertisement, and won the Coca-Cola and Honda automotive customers such as investment, growth momentum is very good, the prospect of more substantial. Massive in the game for the customer to set aside a variety of advertising position, such as billboards, posters, beverage cans, and various other can be displayed on the screen of the advertising carrier, advertising spots allow customers in specific time period, changes with the game scene, and game scene integration in the world. A video game is going to be a huge advertising platform, in 2010 the global real time game advertisement scale will exceed $3000000000. Microsoft has launched called adCenter's new advertising system, acquisition of Massive, you can connect the advertising agency services and Massive network, through the video search, radiation to the Xbox game consoles and mobile devices, as Microsoft expand to a broader advertising profit space.
Microsoft and Google competition has the decisive stage, MSN using acquisitions to technology play a counterattack, want to rob a war at all costs to the commanding heights of the search market. By virtue of the "use doctrine" strategy, Microsoft in the past competition successively announce a victory, this time also can put the MSN dominance?