&amp;nbsp; the world "the famous" ten wonders
From the Egyptian Giza big Pyramid to Babylon air garden, almost everyone knows the seven wonders of the ancient world. The Greek historian Ciro Dodd in the fifth Century BC touted as these spectacular buildings brought splendid reputation, but his list is not exhaustive, nor exhaustive. 10 landscape mentioned below, the same amazing, is worth you indulge in pleasures without stop.
The illusion of chimney
Tenth: Fairy chimneys Cappadocia "Turkey" (Fairy Chimneys)
Those on the erosion effect of hate people the best to Turkey's Cappadocia area see: local was slowly weathered rock created the world unique tourist spectacle. Conical formations called Cappadocia "fairy chimneys" is actually some outsize, soft rock resembles a conical minarets, spire tip is nature gives a softer basalt "hat". But you don't so misunderstood, because this soft rock is actually the typical volcanic ash product.
"Fairy chimneys" charm lies not only in their genital like appearance, more attractive, after numerous wind and rain washing, great natural architect has put them into livable natural apartment. Interested visitors can stay in the "fairy chimneys" Inn - a cave composed by "the compound construction", don't look down on this "composite building", they were the Byzantine monastery wine crushing places.
Ninth: British Wilt County Silbury (Silbury Hill)
Big or small, really that important? It seems that way in the county of Wilt. The local residents are proud of, his hometown has Europe's largest man-made hills, silbury. This 130 foot tall, covers an area of 5 acres of people orogenic, is built around 2500 BC, so far no one knows the exact cause of the building. But some people believe that it may be a graveyard in ancient times, some people think it is the villain's masterpiece. Now people can be sure of is that Silbury consists mainly of chalk composition, construction takes 18000000 hours. In order to prevent man-made destruction, the government has banned public mountain climbing.
Eighth: the magnetic Hill Canada New Brunswick "(Magnetic Hill)
Whether young or old people every year feel the magnetic hill "pull". This world class tourist spectacle in New Brunswick Monckton. This strange phenomenon of geography is found in the 30's of last century, at the time of the driver, driving in the city a the ups and downs of the hill, his car is a wonderful power of drag and drop, even so is the engine off.
The name "magnetic hill" could make people believe weird phenomenon is caused by magnetic interference, but in fact, the fundamental and field independent. More precisely, the driver's experience is just a strange illusion, the illusion is caused by the ups and downs of the terrain. If you want to experience the fresh things, actually very simple: just parked the car at the foot of the mountain, let the car remain neutral. Soon you'll be surprised to find that much of his own car -- regardless of the body, to start the automatic climbing.
Seventh: Antarctica's largest iceberg B15 (B15 - Antarctica)
Take some time to describe Jamaica on paper, and then cover the entire picture of ice, and then show some Antarctic penguin. Know what you're looking at? Is Jamaica? The wrong! Demonstrated in front of you is by far the world's largest iceberg -- B15.
The B15 iceberg area full 4400 square miles, November 5, 2003 MAC status until it was broken. At the time of the B15 in the New Zealand sea breaking into two parts, each part of the size of a small island. B15 fracture with serious consequences: the sea was suddenly iceberg blockade, a large number of penguins died.
The world's first tip of the throne is now replaced by the French Antarctic base, located near the area equivalent to Brunei C19A tip.
Sixth: China Kunming Shilin (Stone Forest)
To China Yunnan tourism person must not miss the stone forest in Kunming. Known locally as the "wonders of the world" of the stone forest, covering an area of 96000 acres, is composed of large outcroppings of limestone. People now see the stone forest in Kunming, at least 270000000 years experience of natural modification. To travel to this people particularly like to visit a strange "wind tunnel", the annual August to November, the wind every 30 minutes will visit a wind tunnel, stay the time is about 2 to 3 minutes. In addition to the wind outside, underground stone forest also caused many visitors curiosity. Underground covering an area of 720 acres, is composed of underground caverns and corridors of the different kinds of. The world "the famous" ten wonders
Fifth: New Mexico Guadalupe Mountains of Carlsbad cavern (Carlsbad Cavern)
Long before Carlsbad cavern was a deep hole big, numerous marine biological habitat here. After 250000000 years, due to the large number of water evaporation, was once a marine park in the cavern became the most fascinating world Camp Rock reef. Because the sea was here "settled", now the tourists can still be found to contain limestone stalactites and stalagmites, in addition, 1000000 Mexico free tailed bats also settled in caverns. Carlsbad cavern deep 300 miles, is the human eye can see account for only part of the whole cavern.