Inspection and Quarantine recently implemented electronic toll collection
Access to the ship Shekou port all electronic payment
[Washington] yesterday, the reporter learned from Shenzhen inspection and Quarantine Bureau was informed that, recently, by shipping container electronic toll collection management system of inspection and Quarantine Bureau of Shenzhen independent R &amp; D and Shekou in Shenzhen inspection and Quarantine Bureau formally put into operation. Shekou port 25 ship Proxy Companies have all signed shipping container electronic toll collection protocol. The formal operation of the system, marked all the shipping container charge entry and Shekou port to achieve full electronic automation.
Shenzhen inspection and quarantine bureau director Liu Shengli said, Shenzhen in the national inspection and quarantine system took the lead in R &amp; D and enable shipping container electronic toll collection management system, is a measure of the Bureau of the implementation of independent innovation. The system of the second half of the year will be put into use in Yantian port.
According to introducing, shipping container electronic toll collection management system is an important achievement of the Shenzhen inspection and Quarantine Bureau based on "inspection JETCO" charging system of independent development. The main purpose is to solve the ship Proxy Companies in the payment of inspection and quarantine fees related to computer, realize automatic settlement, by the regular real-time charge mode instead of the prior month knot, knot paragraph style, avoid funds are long-term occupation and arrears.
The use of the system for processing a transaction only 20 seconds. Shenzhen Ocean Shipping Agency Co. Ltd., Miss Jiang said, the use of the system, more than 200 charges only took half an hour for reconciliation. Before at least four times a month to Shekou inspection and Quarantine Bureau reconciliation, now remain within doors can be reconciled, automatic bank transfer money, save manpower, reduce cost.