Sina ushered in the era of Cao Guowei reporter Yang Guoqiang from Beijing
This morning, sina will be released in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006 earnings, will also announced that the current CEO office as Sina Wang Yan, vice chairman. Sina CEO Cao Guowei will take over Sina CEO position.
Reporters call Wang Yan phone, his assistant said Wang total now can not answer the phone; Sina public relations department said that all responses will be in the first quarter earnings release and clear. But the reporter obtains the consistent answers from several Internet Co executives close to Sina, Wang Yan will leave from the CEO position, he will enter the Sina board of directors, and Sina served as vice chairman. A close friend and Wang Yan told reporters, this choice is Wang Yan's wishes, he revealed he privately. Sina chairman Duan Yongji in accepting the "First Financial Daily" said in an interview on sina.com.cn, internal, Wang Yan, the overall situation, do not care about personal gains and losses. "In the past a long time Wang Yan is the core management salary Sina in the lowest one." Duan Yongji said, recently was in his proposal to Wang Yan and others up salary."
At present, in Sina internal, Wang Yan is responsible for new business "launched just last year asking" search engine, the other major lines of business are responsible by Cao Guowei. The reporter notices, to Sina in recent months and most of the major foreign activities are basically consists of a Cao Guowei surface.
"It should be said, Wang Yan after the departure of sina, does not affect existing business, can achieve a smooth transition." Independent Internet analyst Lv Bowang told the "daily of the first finance and economics".
A Sina insiders told reporters, in the past few years, Wang Yan is mainly responsible for including the original network game heaven and South Korea joint venture, search, instant messaging services, but Sina wireless value-added business important he is not involved in. Reporters call Cao Guowei for verification, but he said everything to the company released information shall prevail.
In Sina inside, Cao Guowei left the impression of employees to use one word to describe is strong. "He left the impression of her word, never talk much, but what it says." A Sina staff told reporters.
In Sina served as president, Cao Guowei rarely give interviews, the sense that gives a person is rare low-key and modest. A recently joined Sina told reporters, he had his first encounter with Cao Guowei, you feel the difference between this man and the Ordinary Company executives: he never on key issues of avoidance, clear-cut attitude, even if is a sensitive topic, will use a safe way to give an indication of, "see that, although he is not like show one's face in public, but for his job, he once wanted to clear it dare clappers." Lv Bowang think, "although not expect Cao Guowei after he took office immediately solve Sina problems now, but if you can continue execution at something firmly, the long term development of sina is good."