"Secretary gate" incident
Lu Chunchu, the president of EMC Greater China offered to resign
Reporter Sun Yanbiao from Guangzhou
After a fry raise a Babel of criticism of the "EMC China Secretary gate" the event, event protagonist EMC Greater China President Lu Chunchu in last night (day 8) choose to leave EMC.
"Lu Chunchu is 55 years old, the turnover should be retired." Lu Chunchu close to the sources, Lu Chunchu's reason for leaving is not the "Secretary of the gate" the event, it is only a small episode before leaving.
For the Lu Chunchu news service, EMC has not officially confirmed, said it has not received a formal statement. EMC Chinese district marketing director Du Guoqiang is deny by oath matter. Message personage says, Lu Chunchu is in the evening of 8 to resign, EMC Chinese zone of the interior is also only a few top know this, most people did not know.
Reporters after all, cannot find Lu Chunchu himself. But the reporter has learned from the internal EMC Chinese District, from the end of last year, EMC Chinese District high-rise architecture began to adjust. In December last year, general manager of EMC vice president China district and commercial systems division Lei Lin turnover; in January this year, the general manager of EMC China Southern China District Yi Guoxiang also left the service of 5 years of EMC.
The result of a sudden, the current president of EMC Greater China Post has no immediate successor, the source said, according to the EMC way, EMC Greater China president candidate does not choose from the internal EMC Chinese area, should still be in outside hiring.
"China storage market competition is so fierce, though EMC is a global storage market leader, as early as four or five years ago also hit do China storage market the slogan of NO.1, but its market share China always hovering in between second and third." A reluctance to disclose the names of the personage inside course of study expresses, frequent replacement of the top China District, is also the headquarters of the EMC EMC China district performance is not satisfactory result.