[source: you come to my network] [the author]: the butterfly
If one day, we are not concerned about what is the key problem, but the critical thinking into our thinking habits, so that the good habit of thinking, will become the weapon we overcome all the problems, provides the real key path to deal with all the problems for us.
For love I Kaoyan
What are some of the taste of first love hoax, but I was obsessed with the lasting for so long, perhaps it is the heartless game, just make me grind so smoothly. Handle him no longer past emotions, but difficult to swing the imprint is engraved on my heart. memory. After wandering heart where habitat, will not have the passion of wine tears? High mountain and flowing water are always my search, no longer harsh courtship hate revel and gather two dependent.
He was eight years older than me, and for a doctorate. He said he graduated already full thirty years old, he needs a home, he said that the young girl like me, left the campus, into life, will soon forget him. In order to love, but also to satisfy my innate vanity, shorten the distance with him, I decided to study section. Until now I still think success is half the reason I urge half the reason also lies in his, is because of my own efforts. Here, I have shown graduate course of their own success to you, the hope can give you provide some reference to rush the pro forma.
About register colleges ---- choose my love
Generally speaking, the choice of professional is more important than the choice of schools, once you choose their favorite professional, then the actual situation according to their choice of famous school, this choice is wise. Remember, not to blindly choose their own schools don't like professional, and have to learn those lessons, study for a test, study for a diploma, such not only torture themselves, but it is difficult to learn. Because even if you are a wealthy person, enjoy a high reputation, however, you are engaged in is not a job I love, day for you to say will be very painful. The reason why I choose Shaanxi Normal University, because I consider their passion and strength, together with his rigorous academic attitude. Map out a strategy to succeed, I can finally have got one's wish of their favorite pre Qin literature.
Notes tips
In the process of preparing for the postgraduate examination, in my personal experience, the key is very:
(a) the arrangement of time, what to do today, what to do tomorrow, must know the score, be careful to arrange their own schedules, making a study plan, and seriously to carry out, never lax disorder dawdle.
(two) effective use of the time, improve the learning efficiency per unit time. Each person according to their own "biological clock" and learning environment to make scientific arrangements for the time, use the brain the most sober, memory is the strongest time to learn, this can have a multiplier effect. I like read a Book during the day, before going to sleep and then recalled the look at the content of the day, to enhance memory.
(three) note that physical exercise. "The body is the capital of revolution", no matter what time, the body is the most important for us, I and roommate agreement is good every day 6:00 get up and go to the playground along each circle of 400 meters of the runway ran three laps, back after an hour of words. When I use the people's daily press black doctor 8100 fast break and then eat. At this time of the morning run function is can not afford Laichuang awake the brain to avoid and, produce a kind of fresh and comfortable learning mood. In winter, I will exercise schedule around 5:00 p.m., then just after a whole day of review, with a small amount of physical exercise to reduce some fatigue, regulating the boring life, then go on to take a shower, eat, the night, will easily many.
(four) unremittingly spirit. Since the choice of the postgraduate entrance examination, it should afford his boring and hard, maybe you want is excessively hot and harsh frozen and beat a retreat, perhaps you want to ---- ---- classroom dormitory canteen 3.1 monotonous feel boring, perhaps because you will not see the hearts of the day he or she produced loneliness, in the face of these you must have faith, always believe that the sunshine after the rain, all the pay is for your tenacity test, which is a key to success, so, the face of such will test, you must adhere to!
Although I did not get their success to be happy, but, not to his encouragement, I know I can not so easily successful, the entire review process, he is not good at every hour and moment encouraged me, one of his motivation, a look, can promote the development of my heart endless power, in the see to him today, I also thank him for his encouragement to me, I wish in the sweet love life of postgraduate researchers were able to understand each other, to encourage each other, let your love for the postgraduate entrance examination refueling!
