[source: Ji'nan New Oriental School] [] author: Li Guofeng
This thought, four levels of tests and the graduation certificate and degree after decoupling, we can all breathe a sigh of relief. The expected, there are still many recruiters, see four report on College Students' employment is still required, and all questions on transcript scores are listed in detail, and then, in the face of the severe employment situation, many students of grade four to alleviate the pressure of not only, instead of greater. The day before, encounter a little younger brother Shi, to test four struggling years, have suffered repeated defeats, defeats, confidence lost, love the cause of both failed, so he moved his sympathy, and test four, teach four grade to four grade secret emerge in its totality, Purdue Oliver's numerous living beings, helping them early fruition the Elysian Fields, into english.
Why have suffered repeated defeats by
At present, four level of test is less than 425 minutes (a lot of school regulations can test six fractional line, similar to the pass line original) of a bundle of people (a bundle of
People). Facing the cruel scores, some of them on the English exam, if not cherish an undying, push too hard, then you don't want to learn english. Some in the face of failure also maintained a high level of proletarian revolutionary optimism, reading, scores, without demur, and put four of the test of war. So, is the crux of grade four pass where, why they have suffered repeated defeats?
The first is impetuous impetuous. A lot of people finished the four grade, four grade, and even let the book English book rest. One or two until four months before examination, then get busy. However, learning English is like martial arts opera, must accomplish "practice singing all the time, boxing leave their hands", "a day without learning, back two days" is not alarmist. It is because of these people "March fish, two months of Sun Network", so once again test the four level English just hurried forward a level. So, every time the exam scores, won't have too big wave motion, no wonder. Moreover, scores are successively decremented.
Two Yue foundation is not strong, lack of confidence. Many students, are not twelve months all written on the wrong word -, composition, make the marking the teacher think if let you go, Heaven and earth will not tolerate. After many people heard of middle school English word, the first is a reflection of the word I learned, after a few seconds to think of its Chinese meaning, the next part too late into the ear will make the choice, of course, can only rely on the mongolia. Many more students, listening text answers in front, even can't read, talk about how to understand. A few days ago, a man to ask for advice in four grade, I took a Class Four Test hearing for the first question word answer, he didn't know fix
My watch watch is intended for "table", is talking about a "fix". Although the four level is not difficult, but also is the English quality in the bag also.
Three Yue front too long, too many enemies. Many people lament: level Four difficult, listening is more difficult; four grade reading, a half day unintelligible; four levels of vocabulary, "a few years back not blowing, exam again"; four essay, "to write a word, twist off a few roots". However, they are rarely able to do to find out specific problems their listening, reading, a one.
; many people are not concentrating a superior force to destroy the enemy, one by one, but to have not had much time, for most of the word back, the rest of the time, was busy doing simulation questions, listening, reading, grammar, writing, full of pepper. This will make war on gambling, so, there is always a kind of "knowledge in the mountains, clouds God" feeling. "The art of war" the cloud "loose not war", want to know, "the ten finger injury, off as one that" is the way of winning.
Thinking back to the end of the last century, the writer was also suffer from level Four to pass without the door, lucky enough to be an expert (forty-five year old self study spoken English, after a year to become professor Zhong Daolong founded the reverse translation and English) guidance, from then on, listening to a sentence dictation, listening to find out do not know the place, this is like a carpet search, soon will the boogieman gets the same, so extremely effective, then the answer read, recite, and then listen to a few times. In reading, or a sentence to dig, in case of not, around for advice, and then read. Two months later, the four level actually took the test 92
Points, and again four months, six and TOEFL while preparing for CET Band Four pat, the leisure to teach people themselves have been made, made some money, but also got a TOEFL score of 663.
Several birds with one stone new strategy
Over the years, has become a target for all four levels, four level exam teachers also faced criticism, that a very famous in foreign language world Chinese madman, in front of thousands of listeners, yelling "four, six level of test is a fart!" The nurse an inveterate hatred for students of grade four,
Also there are plenty of people who. If the four level is the spirit, will shout "I bidouehaiyuan!" "Every bean has its black.", the four level also have shortcomings, but calm analysis,
The four stage is really a "good comrades," at least "seven minute work, three minutes".
Dialogue Four hearing, depicting a scene very practical, very authentic language, if you can put a little dialogue over the years in CET Band Four, imitate all repeat, recite, your spoken English will be good, if the school you also is not very strong, you can also use it to further study of basic vocabulary, basic grammar. In addition, the listening part,
Both the little dialogue or joke, all have a few words, but these words, if you can listen to understand, put in the reading of nature is one will see, these words, will be in your vocabulary army "lifer", listen, say, read, write, translate, may at any time adjust