For a living in Shanghai this year examinee, college admissions had something special. At the beginning of 4, two Chinese elite Fudan University and traffic university located in Shanghai enrollment rules have some change in the past on the unification of the basic use of written examination achievement according to the examinee college entrance examination for admission way at the same time, also try to interview on the part of the examinee admission. The two universities are the University of Ministry of education key China, this attempt to reform has aroused great concern of society.
According to the new rules of admission to the two universities, if a Shanghai seniors the written test results meet the requirements, he can choose to attend Fudan University or traffic university interview, also can choose the two school in the interview, the interview has become an important link of the candidates are accepted or not. Candidates can also apply for two schools, colleges and universities to be able to own the standard selection of school students in need, which in the current China still is a new thing.
At present, most of the enrollment of Chinese higher education institutions or through the "unified examination, are the points province proposition" form. The country of the candidates in the fixed time every year (now is the 6 month of the summer college entrance examination) respectively in the college entrance examination in the place where they lived. Because the university enrollment in the provinces is relatively fixed, so after the examination, each province according to the examinee examination make admission scores, candidates according to their examination of the volunteer, the choice of schools, University is based on the provinces to develop the fraction line for local students. Generally speaking, the key university enrollment and enjoy priority right, only to recruit outstanding achievement and first choice to fill the school the provinces in the examinee. This follows decades of college admission mode, to a considerable effect on the University of selecting talents, but there also exist some disadvantages, one is that many people think, college entrance examination scores written examination should not be the only and best standard of selecting talents.
In early 4, Shanghai middle school grade more than 2000 students attended Fudan University, Jiaotong University autonomous enrollment "the interview in 2006". Through interviewing experts comprehensive assessment, the two university were enrolled 291 students. These students can not participate in the unified national college entrance examination began in June 7th, directly into the read the two university. Taking the results announced to the public in 3 days after the end of the interview. This put aside the college entrance examination directly through the enrollment by interview approach, given the school and the examinee both more autonomy, so some experts to evaluate the "reform of China's college entrance examination system is the ice breaking trip".
However, also some people do not think the Shanghai University's move, that at the present stage of independent enrollment premature, permeate all walks of life in the corruption of the reality, autonomous enrollment is likely to actually than the current unified national examination enrollment more fair. The social survey center of China Youth Daily conducted a web-based survey of 1913 people. The results show that 59.2% of people do not agree with the move.
Act with undue haste
Cao Lin Graduate School of Journalism at Huazhong University of Science and Technology: the precise arrangement of interview several universities, designed to reflect the program in the system, and guarantee, technology guarantee, and some even took out a reputation as a guarantee, in short, is trying to convince people to interview and admission fairness. In fact, it is difficult to completely dispel people's doubts. Fudan perhaps pass to change "small environment", do do everything in one's power fairness, but the interview does not trust is largely out of distrust of the "big environment": people do not distrust of Fudan, but a lack of confidence in the common admission corruption of "environment".
Another kind of "environment" is the current level of morality. Needless to say, the lack of institutional constraints based on current environmental and social ethics is not to be trusted, always feel the unspoken rules of the shadow everywhere, always have a kind of their own place would suffer "persecuted consciousness" -- the "environment", it is hard to believe that there will be exempted from the custom of "small environment"; or feel, then good "small environment" may also be "big environment" annihilation. Most of the time, the path selection of big environment determines the realization of the fair, a suboptimal fair choice but many environment realization way.
From this perspective, the college entrance examination has many drawbacks, there are also many unfair, but in the existing "big environment", it is realized through fair relative most controllable fair interview enrollment; although in the imagination more fair, but "big environment" make it with too many uncontrollable things.
Hubei college teacher Ye Lei: independent recruitment examination is from Europe and the United States and the practice of developed countries. But China's current national conditions combined, the author thinks that the autonomous enrollment should be suspended, for the following reasons:
At present the area difference of national education level is relatively large, urban and rural level differences, even a city key middle school and common middle schools within the difference is very big also, independent enrollment students easy to become developed provinces and cities key middle school children's "feast", causing a new round of education unfair. Such as expertise, rural children like music, the children in the city also love music, may even rural children piano are not touched, it is fair competition?
Independent recruitment examination will force many children from poor families to give up the chance. If the general promotion of independent recruitment exam, candidates need to apply for University at their own expense, examination, registration fee, the fare, accommodation costs add up to is not a small number, the general people, especially many children in rural areas even the normal tuition to afford, let alone take
