&amp;nbsp; teaching materials
[source: China Education Online]
Kaoyan finally get finished, I successfully passed the interview, had to be accepted, only waiting anxiously formal notice. Some ideas of heart, write it down, perhaps a bit of good.
A, textbook
(a) public class
Politics: (I speak only the best materials, is a must buy)
1, "the examination analysis" (Ministry of Education)
2, "political theory reference book" (Hong Baoshu)
3, "Lin Daizhao 800 questions" (down-to-earth to do it again, and note taking, own vague, wrong topic down a week before looking back. )
4, the "sail 20 days 20 questions" (before the 20 day, you can borrow someone else's copy, very thin, Hunan normal university there 8 cent edition, very cheap)
5, "exam outline" can go online to download. Pay special attention to the new sites, attention compared with last year.
English (the most important information, the most worth buying)
1, examination of worms "universal composition" (to the crazy back)
In 2, the examination of worm "composition before 30" (before the 20 day, more crazy back)
In 3, the examination of worm "English reading notes" (take 2 times, seriously study)
4, Zhu Taiqi "Master graduate student entrance examination 200X new English review guidance" (to be serious to do 2-3 times)
(two) the professional course
You want to enter oneself for an examination the school of graduate school web site to find, are generally. There are also enter oneself for an examination the school BBS, but find some trouble. General school enter oneself for an examination the general rules are described in detail, above the designated reference materials. Professional books to be sure to buy for. If no nearby you need professional books, you can go to apply for school publications issuing department, materials science or enter oneself for an examination the school near the Xinhua Bookstore, mail order.
Steel should be used where they are needed most. We must first be certain to buy books, after careful comparison of them, will not spend a lot of money.
&amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; talk about my preparation by
To study section of the friends share method
Two, method
1, the most important point, must grasp the questions over the years, especially in english. After finished subject to think carefully, study (passed on to do postgraduate well), find out the question of thought and the law. Be sure to take nearly five years Zhenti are take, study. Political didn't need to nearly five years of doing Zhenti are good, just need to conscientiously put "the examination analysis" digest it, because it is the analysis of the thoughts of solving questions over the years, must be good to see ah. Other such as English, professional exam do it well, and the best in strict accordance with the examination of the time, his pinch table calculation time, feel the feelings of tension test. Last year I this not tried, results when the exam is not good, schedule some poor, feel too nervous. The real test of time is very tight, there is no place for you to do too much consideration. Time is very tight, the volume is too large, is this kind of feeling, your hands must not stop writing, have been writing for three hours, the hands of the acid.
2, before the formal review, to apply for the school, determined according to their strength and interest buy teaching materials, then make a review plan. Plan out, is strictly against the plan review, occasionally there are special circumstances, also want to catch up behind schedule.
3, first professional book like reading novels as read it again, then do one or two set to write, look for the gap, and then look at the key, induction, and organize notes, use tables to compare. Some professional books a lot, attention should be paid to the thick book looked thin, then according to the thin book Association thickened.
Stage 4, plan, the requirements of their own today to see how much the page, complete the number of daily tasks, how many days to destroy a textbook. Must be down to earth to do, must not be perfunctory, it is not responsible for their own ah..
5, review progress
A review of several major stages:
The first stage (probably early 5 - 8 at the end of the month) read professional books, the key review english. During this period, spend more time on English, because behind the political one up, they will remove review English time.
The second stage (time 9 month - 12 month) finished Zhenti, key memory professional knowledge, understanding, and begin a political review. Review of politics can put "exam analysis" visit again, and then carefully read reference book "theory" two times, "800 questions" do after Lin Daizhao.
The third stage (mid December - exam) exam sprint, simulation test, check leakage fill a vacancy, strengthening the key.
&amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; talk about my preparation by
To study section of the friends of the mind
Three, state of mind
I summarized a formula: Meditation + perseverance + method + diligence = success
1, we must first meditation requirements stand lonely, is willing the bench, as little as possible some entertaining (of course sometimes is no way).
2, perseverance, of course, is the perseverance, adhere to in the end. Sometimes appropriate to relax can be, and can adjust the psychological ah.
3, industry is less. Diligence is the path to the mountain of knowledge, hard-working is the boat to the endless sea of learning.
4, in addition, to give yourself some pressure, holding the confidence, might be more energy, but can not put their overwhelming. That is, no matter what, I will spare no efforts to pay, as far as I can go together, as for the success or failure, it is not totally I can so.
&amp;gt; &amp;gt; &amp;gt; talk about my preparation by
To study section of the friends of the other
Four, other aspects
(a) for in-service postgraduate entrance examination, some problems which should be paid attention to
