Graduation is approaching, the Nankai University has 28 doctoral students for failing to meet graduation requirements and only got the certificate. Recently, the Nankai University released a "decision on" extended did not graduate doctoral processing, discussed and decided by the headmaster's office will, Nankai University class of 1997 (including 1997) 28 delay before enrollment of graduate PhD students according to the graduation treatment. These students learning time has been more than 9 years, which has both full-time doctoral students, also have the on-the-job doctorate. ("the Beijing News" April 27th)
Doctoral students were eliminated, never heard it before, a time caused much debate. In favor of persons, the opponents have, unable to agree on which is right. The most concern, is the practice of school has been highly appreciated by the students, the students hear doctoral eliminated no surprise, the unanimous support of the school "Yan card" graduate education and step back, let some only want to get high academic title of the people. Undeniable, now is formal worship times, astepping-stone to success degree a certain speculative reason of success. Some people try various devices to achieve high degree, at the resort to deceit; at the same time, education also became a gift. Some people achieve success and win recognition, relying on beyond the academic achievement, as "exceptional" beneficiaries. 28 deferment of doctoral students encounter, is undoubtedly a mockery of graduate selection system.
Doctoral students were eliminated, is its own tragedy, but also the current education system of tragedy. Appear such result, though and doctoral students I don't work hard about, but pushed all the responsibility to doctoral students is one-sided, not correct. This is not to be eliminated doctoral excuse, after all doctoral students have the unbearable burden. To prevent and eliminate the class of such tragedy, doctoral students need to consider seriously, but also should cause reflection and schools, society and education department.
At present the social demand for talent in a misunderstanding, one-sided diploma oriented to social demands, in person highly emphasize knowledge, outstanding academic requirements, all kinds of opportunities are inclined to have a degree, high degree. The root of education worship lies in the social use of concept and the needs of the people, in the field of education and reflect the problem is people practice requirements. Misunderstanding of this demand, a direct impact on the student and parents view of talents, resulting in a powerful army crowded single plank bridge pattern, l University, postgraduate and read Bo become the highest pursuit of youth. So, some of this is not suitable for doing research, scholar, have come, fall into the abyss of high degree.
The one-sided pursuit of academic talent view, influence people's concepts of education, and become the "driving force of examination oriented education", it is "commit the most heinous crimes". In life, the high degree of negative news is more meet the eye everywhere. Not long ago the media disclosure of a "doctoral work experience is not worth" attract sb.'s attention: more than a "senior talent recruitment will be" held in Hangzhou City, "the doctor degree is not worth working experience" is often visible. Apart from some college teachers job requirements for master's or doctor's degree, most of the jobs require only "college degree or above, 3 years or above work experience", this standard let those educated just out of ten years "learning" have left. This news, should cause enough thinking.
Diploma is just had some kind of education or training certificate, if the holder cannot learn in order to practise and create value, the diploma is nothing but a mere scrap of paper. Said popular point, seek the diploma, is absorbing knowledge, absorb the experience, self shaping process, and ultimately to the work for the service of the. There is no diploma, not the most important. Diploma in up to be considered as a "ticket", is not "pass success ladder". Knowledge is being updated, the society is in progress, the diploma can only represent the learning experience, the only real experience and unceasing enterprising to make people remain invincible.
The success of a person, education is not the primary factor. The standard of talents is not degree, high degree is not necessarily have high capacity, low degree does not necessarily become attached to low ability; diploma not talent, the diploma itself does not necessarily equate to talent. An important standard to measure the talent, the key is to see whether he can do the work, create value. Gradually reverse the unreasonable talent and education concept, establish a scientific concept of talent and talent evaluation system in the whole society, create a relaxed external environment for the implementation of quality education, has become a pressing matter of the moment. When the energy from the one-sided pursuit of education to take ability as the core, which is worth the whole society to think about. The Nankai University extension out of 28 graduate PhD students, education departments should take the lead in breaking their degree of worship, but also to those who blindly pursue high degree was a wake-up call, even doctoral studies, also have to be careful.
Source: Guangming Wang
Editor: Su Lin
