Business management Zhongchengxin is very important. Chinese since there is "genuine goods at a fair price, Tongsouwuqi" 8 words, English also has a character of classic: NO
TRICKS. From the literal view, it and the Chinese meaning very similar. But "NO TRICKS" does not only represent the literal meaning, eight kinds of ability of each letter and a deeper layer of meaning negotiation in.
Negotiation skills in each negotiation have played an important role, whether for business negotiations, diplomatic negotiations, or labor negotiations. In business negotiations, negotiations between the two sides of the intensity difference of ability determines the negotiation result difference.
For the negotiation of each side, negotiation ability from eight aspects, that is NO TRICKS
Eight words each letter represents --need, options, time, relationships, investment, credibility, knowledge, skills.
The 1 "N" represents the demand (need)
For the seller and the buyer, who needs a little more intense? If the buyer needs more, the Seller shall have relatively strong bargaining power. The seller more hope to sell products, the buyer will have a strong bargaining power.
2 "O" represents selection (options)
If the talks fail to finally reach an agreement, then both parties will have any choice? If you can choose the more chances, the person think of your product or service is the only or not too many choices, you have strong negotiation capital.
The 3 "T" represents the time (time)
Mainly refers to the emergency events may appear in the negotiation of a time limit, if the Buyer under time pressure, nature will enhance the bargaining power of the seller.
4 "R" represents the relationship (relationships)
If build strong relationships with customers, in negotiations with potential customers will have force. However, some customers may feel that the seller is to promote, and not willing to establish deep relationship. Such. In the course of negotiations will be more difficult.
The 5 "I" on behalf of investment (investment)
Invested much time and effort in the process of negotiations? Devote more bargaining power, to reach an agreement commitment more tended to have less of a party.
The 6 "C" represents the credibility (credibility)
If the potential customer to the product credibility is a kind of bargaining power, if the sales personnel know that you have used a product, and his products with price and quality advantages, will undoubtedly enhance the credibility of the seller, but this does not determine finally whether can clinch a deal.
7 "K" represents knowledge (knowledge)
Knowledge is power. If you fully understand the customer problems and needs, and predict how your products can meet customer needs, your knowledge will undoubtedly enhance the bargaining power of customers. Conversely, if the customer to product have more knowledge and experience, customers have strong bargaining power.
8 "S" represents the skills (skills)
This may enhance the bargaining power of the most important content, but learning negotiation skills is a comprehensive, need a wide range of knowledge, eloquence, quick thinking......
In short, in business negotiations, should be good at using the "each force NO TRICKS", of course, but also to do NO TRICKS.
(source: English at the beginning)