As of twentieth Century America the greatest novelist, 1954 Nobel prize winner Hemingway, honor, status, money, friends, woman, what have the time, why to want to commit suicide? Therefore, people puzzle. Even more shocking is the most outstanding, Spanish bullfighter Belmont de heard when Hemingway Dutch act, and say "well done", and ended his own life in the same way.
These are the individual phenomenon, is not what the trend, do not understand it, they might be on Nietzsche: "timely death trap. At the peak of happiness are the death. " However, in recent years also heard students, graduate students jump off building Dutch act news. These young students do not necessarily know Nietzsche's theory, I'm afraid not on what trick? In this regard, Philippines World Journal has commented that, should seriously explore the root of the problem appears continuously, the situation is becoming more and more serious.
Lack of lofty ideal is one of the reasons Dutch act
Long term since, in the university teaching education is insufficient, and superabundant, educating people to replace sb. ideological education, ideological education is confined to the realm of politics. The ideological and political education of simple, formulaic, dogmatism, formalism caused students' Ideological emptiness. Cavity theory, indulge in verbiage is not hungry and actual sermons can not solve the young students' heart. The interests and hobbies of the students from childhood to be obliterated, and no set up lofty ideals and high aspirations. From small to large, education aim is to be admitted to the University, admitted to the University lost. Lost the goal, it can not understand the meaning of life, the natural lack of survival motivation, commit suicide on the possibility of a very large.
Too much pressure is Dutch act of two reasons
The student's pressure is too large, heavy economic burden and Study on the crushing them. Some students from poor families, eating, there are difficulties, bear the burden of tuition rose higher and higher. Hunger and cold tortured them, tuition and fees to haunt them, make them be in a constant state of anxiety. Plus the academic burden, the body and mind are destroyed, it is inevitable to despair. An Institute of organic chemistry, the twenty-six year old Hengyang native PhD student in Meng Yi died from a teaching building seven layer jump, suicide showed why he Dutch act: "world weary, want to be lazy, depression." From primary school to high school, to high school, senior high school entrance examination to university, to finish university, finished university for the master's, doctoral candidate finished master, has been in a state of high tension. People bear ability is limited, to the limit, it is bound to bear, will naturally occur depression.
Psychological vulnerability is Dutch act of three reasons
Now many students be spoiled, dependent on their parents, independent life ability is not strong. Family and school are concerned student achievement, neglecting their psychological change. They have not been the challenge of life, the lack of a strong will, and not self adjust good mental state. In order to find a job, many students to study hard, but the fierce social competition, then they can not find a job, or can not find an ideal job, then you lose face difficulties, face the future with courage, encounter setbacks on the road easy go to extremes.
Emotional entanglements are Dutch act of four reasons
Young students to withstand the impact of the wave of the upsurge of love, one love, have been involved in a vast expanse of water, One's blood boils with indignation., forget oneself. However some people impetuous, seriously. Thoughtless people take love as a game, get up and put it down; serious person to love as the life, take it down. The former chic and go, when another for new love, the latter is in extreme pain, inextricably bogged down in. Some people lack awareness of self-protection, deceived, can't bear the heavy blow it on the road to ruin.
Be pessimistic and worldweary is Dutch act of five reasons
Young students to see TV, movie Youth life was full of casual and elegant bearing, romantic, plenty of rich, luxurious, beauty, happiness. But face the reality is the fickleness of the world, indifference, competition is intense, laboring hard, difficult, be pessimistic and worldweary mood will gradually deepened, in order to escape the cruel reality, the final choice Dutch act, the dead. This is a social phenomenon is more and more prominent, need the family, school, society's attention and care, to lend them a helping hand, to protect these precious life, save these precious talent.
Editor: Su Lin
