[source: you come to my network] [the author]: kiidy
"The flowers branches of millions of tablets, still affectionate, the snow wind turn", in the spring of 2006, the radiant and enchanting spring scene, green trees and blooming flowers often view, become especially beautiful in my eyes. A year's time, in many people's lives will not have what special, won't produce big changes, but at the same time, in addition to like the others and harvest, I completed the study section of the review, is that success so I appreciate the scenery and the mood different. I'm not a smart man, or too stupid.
Do everything you want to be is not very easy, so I what to do, so long as the look too hard. Kaoyan is big, no thought from the beginning not to test, for many reasons: the expectations of parents, to avoid work and love the campus life.
One's deceased father grind, really love you?
I think not everyone would want to graduate, and many do not study section of the friends of a contemptuous disregard for our section force, the fact is admitted to the also does not necessarily have a bright future, want to know two or three years later is still facing great pressure on employment, and the work of the students have experienced is on-the-job field, on the DOSOMETHINPREVIOUSLYUNRELEASED! To see the pursuit of individual, family economic status, to comprehensive to measure whether they need to graduate, whether it is necessary to fight again. If you know yourself what to do next, and the goal is clear, just fight. Early discouraged, halfway up on the examination room, There are plenty of people who haven't finished, so determined to stick it out, as the saying goes "perseverance is victory" used on the post but is the most appropriate.
Stride over special field, do what I want.
I got a chemistry class, but the choice of management, there are still a lot of reasons, mainly on chemical don't call me learn not good, high school, university grades are not good, I know myself very well, I would like to waste admitted to the undergraduate that pain, dawdle, youth, I am not in this field is what contribution. Live so big there are too many have no alternative against one's will, want to let their own ideas and wishes to do a master, so I choose to cross major postgraduate. We all know that relatively speaking, physical transfer which turn the difficult easy, paper. For science and engineering students, as long as the English a good comparison, choice of Liberal Arts in economy, management of the test number three, four are more advantages; if choose psychology or law so professional, requires that you have a strong interest and a good memory to support, to have a good foundation in English such a chance to win, only some.
In the choice of institutions according to people and be decided, inter professional students choose 34 (as of the registration, the country has 34 colleges and universities graduate student, independent recruit row fractional line, advance the retest) or would be wise, because the 34 retest relatively early, if unfortunately the brush that can also adjust, and the re opportunity. If the register strong popular professional school, the inevitable great risk. After much cogitation I decided to one of the most famous school -- Beijing International Studies University test of Tourism Management Specialty (Chinese Tourism College), so began my study section of happy days.
Review, protracted war
At that time, I think I am not good at mathematics, English is OK, and so the two math tutoring class, other classes not. Now looking back I have many local errors in the review, here can say, we take warning. I am the sea tactical type player, as a result of a research friends advice, I rarely do simulation questions in the later period, only the drill simulated years, big direction analysis questions, and last year's exam is much and not difficult, the requirements of computational ability, I will do wrong, the wrong too garbage. Most of the efforts are in post toss. After many students said the original topic, do like it, I could feel the question, but I had never seen, and, I promise problem never seen me. Mathematics is difficult, but not impossible, I sum up, to be a good test of mathematics, basic skills are essential, blindly drill difficult problem is The loss outweighs the gain.. Therefore, to the macro, micro caught together, with both hands!
The courses I have taken great Kung Fu, book a dozen times, remember, do reading notes, all the possible test are listed out. No way, who told me to cross the professional examination, so the morning back at night back, again and again, like a mental patient.
English is full of the review, to practice listening every day, reciting words, read the review of data also read a lot of English, the key is to cultivate a sense of language, Dr black 120 articles, 220 articles, 240 articles, I have finished. Calendar year examination questions, repeatedly also saw a lot of times, you know I took the second foreign language (Beijing International Studies University) for the English requirement is not low, the opponents are very cattle people ah, English had seven or eight very. Do more exercises now, analysis of hundreds of articles reading, at least after the exam I don't regret. So would have six levels of English students don't careless ah!
Adhere to, give me strength
At a later stage in mind just a word of "perseverance is victory". When the body is not tired, but the heart is very tired. Many comrades to the late every day sits still, but whether the efficiency how, what to learn, only he himself knows best. I was from time to time to indulge, play volleyball or friends regularly research and discussion, in short, to learn self-regulation. Out of the examination room a moment I think is not how was the exam, but in the
