Abstract the central neurotransmitter and membrane through the corresponding neurotransmitter receptors, ion channels on the membrane of a start, produce excitatory or inhibitory effects, transfer the information and adjust the physiological function.
Central neurotransmitter in the central nervous system is the information within a neuron to neuron mediated material, mostly in the neurons in the synthesis, stored in synaptic vesicles, and transported to the synapse. When a nerve impulse to synapses, synaptic vesicle release neurotransmitters play the role of information transmission.
1 classical neurotransmitters
Classical neurotransmitters are some small molecular compounds people have studied for a long time, it has become clear that the acetylcholine (Ach); monoamine, including epinephrine (E), norepinephrine (NE), Dobaamine (DA), 5- hydroxytryptamine (5-HT); amino acids, including glutamic acid, aspartic acid, gamma aminobutyric butyric acid (GABA), glycine etc.. Can adjust the body's physiological functions of the role of these neurotransmitters through all kinds of information transfer and. Such as Ach, in the central nervous system, peripheral neurons that release Ach (called cholinergic neurons) are widely distributed in the brainstem and forebrain, therefore, play a role in a wide. Regulation of Ach mainly participate in cardiovascular activity, body ingestion, drinking water, sleep, arousal, sensory and motor. Recent studies have found that Ach also has a moderating effect on learning and memory, some neurological diseases and senile amnesia are in the brain and the content of Ach. Noradrenergic neurons were mainly distributed in the pons and medulla of some of the nuclear group, the regulation of NE is involved in many physiological functions, mainly to regulate body temperature, heart, blood vessel activity, emotional activity, is also concerned with the maintenance of cortical arousal state. Amino acids in the brain with the highest content of glutamic acid and GABA. Glutamate is extensive and intense exciting effects on cerebral cortical cells in the brain, GABA is an inhibitory neurotransmitter, related to reduce the content of GABA in the cortex of patients with epilepsy.
The 2 neuropeptides
In recent years, found that many vital macromolecules in the central nervous system, which is composed of some amino acid polypeptide, called neuropeptide. As a result of neuropeptide in the central nervous system is involved in synaptic transmission, so it is considered to be the central neurotransmitter. At present, many discovered neuropeptide species, can be divided into pituitary peptide, hypothalamic releasing hormones, brain gut peptides, opioid peptides, tachykinin peptide and other categories. Different neuropeptides modulate physiological activities in the body through the transmission of information. P material such as the earliest discovered, is excited neurotransmitter in primary sensory neurons of peripheral release, concerned with the pain, there is a strong anti morphine. Substance P is also associated with the activity of DA neurons in the substantia nigra striatum - system. Endogenous opioid peptide is discovered in recent years, including endorphins, enkephalins and dynorphin, distribution is not uniform in the brain. Effect is very extensive, including the regulation of nervous, respiratory, circulation, digestion, urinary, reproductive, endocrine, sensation, movement, immunity, especially on nociceptive effect is very outstanding. Bioactive peptide galanin is discovered in recent years in present in the peripheral and central nervous system. With the regulation of gastrointestinal smooth muscle contraction, reproductive system, urinary inhibition of insulin secretion, pituitary growth hormone, oxytocin release and other physiological functions, and has the effects of strengthening the morphine spinal analgesia and inhibition of Ach in memory process.
Neuropeptides and classical neurotransmitters neuropeptide synthesis is different than the classical neurotransmitters to complex. If the NE is using tyrosine as raw material, through two steps, one step hydroxylation decarboxylation, three steps to generate the final product. And neuropeptide synthesis is high molecular inactive precursor protein in neuronal cells in vivo ribosome first, and then translocated into the endoplasmic reticulum, the Golgi complex with the enzyme together into the formation of the secretory granules or vesicles, beam slurry transportation to tip, effect of many kinds of hydrolase in transport, gradually cut into neuropeptide activity. From the role of efficiency, the classical neurotransmitters generally fast onset of action, failure is also fast. And neuropeptide generally slower onset, lasting effect, so not only play the role of neuropeptide neurotransmitters, also tempered effect. In addition to classical transmitters play a role after the disintegration, deactivation, re ingestion of presynaptic terminals reuse. The polypeptide in play a role after being inactivated enzyme solution, no longer re uptake.
3 transmitter coexistence
Small molecule neurotransmitters and neurotransmitter currently found in large molecules have more than 100, thought a neuron only synthesize a neurotransmitter, but recently a neurons can synthesize more than two or more than two kinds of classical neurotransmitters neuropeptide, a neuron can be synthesized by classical neurotransmitters and neuropeptides, people call this phenomenon called neurotransmitters coexist. The coexistence of transmitter release is mainly have two kinds of different sizes of vesicles in the nerve endings exist, classical neurotransmitters stored in large, small two kinds of vesicles, and neuropeptide and classical neurotransmitters stored in vesicles in common. The low frequency information can make vesicles release, high frequency information is the large vesicles release. This classic neurotransmitters and neuropeptides released together, common transmission of information, can be mutual synergism or antagonism, physiological function effectively regulate the cell or organ, but also through the presynaptic adjust each other to change the release of neurotransmitters, is beneficial to strengthen or weaken the effect of strength.
Source: high school biology resource index