Not only play, but also play a smart
Changchun a primary school to "play smart" included in the school-based curriculum
Changchun City, Bei'an primary school children all like to play "stone, scissors, cloth" of the game, different from others, they are the class play: the class more than 40 students were divided into 4 groups, turns into battle competition. The teacher called the "stone", the whole group of students will open hands, his legs apart and shoulder width, made "cloth like" and so on, that is, a total of three sets of hands and feet of the synergistic action. Hear the password, the students have to react rapidly to make the appropriate action, who is wrong, the team will lose points. A class to play down, the classmates sweat profusely, excited.
The teacher led the class play scene, in the Bei'an primary school is "homely food" -- as early as 4 years ago, the school put "play smart" school-based curriculum included in the school, each class by class every two weeks on a "play" class, the school slogan is "playing a flower like, fun", the school also encourages students in class a lot of "smart play".
"Play is the child's nature, but the past teaching idea too much emphasis on learning, ignore the play, even the exclusion of play. We try to let the children play in the middle school, become boring interesting, change from passive learning into autonomous learning." Bei'an primary school vice president Liu Xiaoling said.
In 4 years, the Bei'an primary school students play the game is beyond count, such as "fast balance transfer" (several groups of students lying on the mat feet, the ball clamp, on to the next student, which group of the first pass, is the winner), "oil peddler," (with the disposable paper cup pour water into a small bottle, you can use a nail and a pair of scissors, but not spilling the water, quick wins), "jujube Rev. Heart" (a 15 cm long wire, a circle of transparent adhesive tape and a bottle of water, do not hand in the case of direct take put plastic bottles in a dozen dates wide mouth narrow body in take out, methods more for victory) and so on, see, all belong to the "intelligent game".
The school requirements, the game must meet the following 3 basic principles: helps to cultivate divergent thinking and creativity, competitive, can embody the spirit of team cooperation. This thought, to find so many clever ways, teachers must headache. In fact, all games are run by the students find their own, self design. The school specially advocates the students' independent "creative", "out of the original game". The students design their game plan, get the class meeting open bidding, the best solution to elect by secret ballot, to climb in good taste. To talent showing itself, in numerous competition scheme is not easy, not only the idea of "smart enough to", also have the ability to express the good, because of this, people would become students in the eyes of the "Star" of each bid, outstanding students in the activity, but also by the school and teacher's praise.
The school put up a pageantry led the children to play, the students happy, parents can be part of a "very reluctant to start". Grade 5 students Wang Yuanyuan father is one of them, "learning so nervous, also led the children to play? Be derelict in duty and run irrelevant business.
Slowly, his attitude to a 180 degree turn. "You said last time, school children will find" world map "a home, see the earnest! Ask just know, school next week to play the game is to listen to the classmate guess the country on the map, in order not to give the team lose points, always on geography is not interested in her, Meng patch a week of geographical knowledge." Father Yuan Yuan said happily, "before running her day in the house, not pluck flowers, is in front of the dog, a waste of time, people have no much improvement. The school 'smart play' is not the same, watched her thinking active, and began to take the initiative to find the books, their brains pondering how to put what we have learned into the game, to link theory with practice!"
Wang Ye, turned out to be a lack of confidence, don't love talking girl, through participation in the "smart play" bidding activities, her courage big, enhance the ability to express, later also won the first prize in Jilin Province, "Anderson Cup" the oral composition Invitational, parents naturally look very happy.
Learn to play, let the child intellectual development, in the game to improve quality, is to set up "school based curriculum play smart" the school's original intention. Grade 6 Shaw Gigi originally are most afraid of a Title Applied Problems of multiple solutions, but a lot of the game is to test the "how to use a variety of methods to solve the problem". A start to play this kind of game, he often hide aside, gradually, to see the students had be jubilant, he couldn't sit still "cold", study together with the students. Through the exercise several times, he felt himself thought open, in the last play of "Zao Rev. Heart" in the game, he's come up with six or seven methods, has become the eyes of students "ideas king".
Xiao Gigi says to the reporter: "play when I found myself not so stupid, as long as careful pondering, I can also find many ways, so now look forward to a given problem, and this is my strength."
"'play smart' process, is also the process of student learning, learning cooperation competition, service learning, learning life. This study is not imposed on them, they are playing in the process of the real experience, the experience of their lifelong development will leave some positive enlightenment." Vice President Liu Xiaoling think, "smart play" to cultivate students good emotion attitude and values will play a positive