[source: you come to my network] [Author: fish tears you see]
Any decision of the study section of the people will have confidence, but the key is the confidence to be able to last long. People have an inert, if the will is not strong words may lose confidence. As a success over at least in this respect should have some insights!
The following is a personal summary out on strengthening postgraduate confidence 10 tips, I hope for my brothers and sisters to help, your success is my biggest wish.
To learn to smile
In full confidence often face, smile, and the people in the loss of confidence is often sad, be in the blues, with a smile. Laugh makes people full of confidence, is the external performance heart happy, smile and the confidence of the people experience is consistent, and the self-confidence to promote each other, make people full of confidence to smile, smile make people more confident, mutually promote. Therefore, I suggest that the study section of the friends have to learn to smile, smile often. Learn to smile from the heart, in the heart of confidence will grow up, I also suggest you the mirror every day happily laugh a few times.
Walk and strut your stuff
External posture and pace has a close relationship and the inner experience, lifting the chest in full confidence up, walked the pace of strong, speed is also faster. People will humble oneself in serving a master in the loss of confidence, walk along a road to be in the blues, the pace of soft cotton, slow speed. Candidates often upright walking pace, strong. Slightly faster, helps strengthen the student's confidence.
Use positive self suggestion
As far as I know my friends around the entrance examination, many people have more negative cues in the exam is not conducive to their own confidence, enhance. I suggested to my brother and sister in the preparation process, in the before and after examination according to their own situation to use self suggestion to change their mentality, to enhance their confidence. For example, recite in the heart, I have the strength, I have the ability, I will succeed, I will be successful. Such language implies that will strengthen your confidence effect.
Don't play the tired tactics
A lot of friends make fatigue tactics, learning time is very long, especially at night to get 12 points, even a little, two little. So you be dead beat, so that you second days to be in the blues, class sleep lying on the table, the fatigue, irritable mood will make people less confident. But as long as you arrange the schedules, systematically study, it takes the learning time and pay attention to the learning efficiency, so that candidates have a biological rhythm and psychological sense of rhythm, it is conducive to enhancing confidence.
Do not believe in superstition
Some parents of children he is busy, to pray at sixes and sevens. I think these will impact on their exam, the formation of negative cues, affect mood, affect confidence, but this is not what we believe, actually there is no supernatural power to control your destiny, the child's destiny is in our own hands, by their learning capabilities and mindset.
Study section of the friends goals appropriate to expect
According to their ability to assess their own learning situation, determine their own postgraduate target. If the examination target set too high will be difficult to achieve the goal for the generated test anxiety, the influence of test play. The opposite can't set your goal too low will affect the play your potential.
Don't compare
The so-called successful candidates Kaoyan is the actual level of their own in the entrance examination of senior high school entrance examination, that is success. Do more than others, because your friends around the postgraduate learning strength are not the same, so don't compare with each other, as long as it can test the actual level of their own means success, comparisons can only frustration your confidence, dampened their own initiative.
How to communicate with students, teachers, parents
When some friends a lack of confidence, his mind suppresses in the heart, grew more and more awkward, more wants more to lose confidence. In fact, this time with the students, teachers, parents take the initiative to communicate, to his own mind say it, my heart difficulties pour out get psychological pressure release, teachers, students, parents to give you a little comfort, encouragement and support, will help to change the state of lack of confidence. I also recommend people later have a look those trails very successful and the draft articles introduced experience when confidence is insufficient, how they are in the state of no confidence from setbacks came out, but also beneficial to you to solve the problem of confidence.
Selected books
When the exams for postgraduate schools friends in the choice of counseling books also should pay attention to them, not do what thing to follow the crowd, because each person's learning levels are not the same, for example, if the mathematical basis for your good, then you use they have the car, but the study section of the math it to the foundation, so do I still suggest that you go to see the black PhD counseling information, because it tells in detail, moderate difficulty, it is to cultivate and improve the foundation, also follow the outline go, so English is the same, it accords with the outline theme novel, wide meaning. Some friends chose relatively high starting point of books, so that you may encounter a lot of difficulties cannot be solved in the read a book when, like this also lost confidence, may also be halfway and fees, so you no matter what things should be moderate.
Reinforcement learning strength
Study section of the confidence is built on the basis of the learning strength, only review the real
