Cai Zijun painting
Summary
The implementation of the "transfer system", "to raise the local teacher flow threshold", can alleviate the grassroots and the common school "blood" serious situation in a certain extent. But to the problem solved, also need to start from "unfair treatment was" -- the teachers. Treatment to keep people, keep people feeling, policy to keep people, this is the fundamental way.
Players have to pay for the club "transfer fee", now teachers change schools also have to pay a "transfer fee". According to reports, for outstanding teachers continue to be "poach" situation, the Education Bureau of the city of Zhejiang Shaoxing city recently introduced "the flow of teachers" opinions "the implementation of the transfer system, provisions of teachers into the school must pay out of school must transfer fee of up to 150000 yuan.
This policy is very specific. At present, teachers from rural areas to the cities, from the west to the east of the one-way flow, exacerbating the base of high-quality educational resources are scarce, expand the education gap, is not conducive to fair and balanced development of education. "Transfer system" is the purpose of hope to restrict the flow of the use of economic instruments, the loss of a slowing in the rate of base of high-quality educational resources.
It should be said, the existence of urban-rural and regional gaps in the current teacher treatment conditions, loss of talented people can't stop, transfer system is a solution, to a certain protective function to the rural areas, and the weak school.
But the problem is that this measure has its weakness, need to consider it with the state of the flow of talent policy is not contrary to the place; if you do not conflict, can work, may also the local flow only pipe, teachers should flow to the remote can control not to live!
On the other hand, managers think this ease "poach" behavior, to realize the fairness of education, it may bring unfair to teachers. Those who work at the grassroots level teachers, work hard, work environment and the living environment, the salary is low. There are reports of a developed city, in the East, the same age and professional title teachers the highest and lowest income, annual income difference of 20000 to 30000 yuan. The same excellent teachers, treatment vary so much, to high "transfer fee" restrict them "downwards", this fair to them?
Further, raise the mobility of teachers "threshold", can alleviate the grassroots and the common school "blood" serious situation to a certain extent, but not fundamentally reverse. In the long run, as the ball city on the move, teachers transfer is water to the "high" to flow, must produce the rich get richer and the poor poorer "Matthew effect", in the education problem is worse, do not contribute to the benign development of education.
To some extent, teachers transfer system just to relieve the unbalanced educational upset, want to fundamentally solve the problem of loss level quality teachers, also need to start from "unfair treatment was" -- the teachers. The flow of teachers have their own development needs, but mainly in order to obtain a better pay and working conditions. Improve the primary school, rural school, the weak school teachers treatment, try to narrow the gap or bridge the gap, is the fundamental measures to reduce the loss of teachers.
For example, recently a local policy, the provisions of rural teachers can enjoy local government civil service allowances and subsidies; the first appointment of senior teachers of primary and middle school teachers in urban position, must have taught for more than one year experience in the rural school or weak school; outstanding teacher award special grade teachers and above the provincial level of the primary and secondary school teachers, must have the education more than one year experience in rural schools...... The Ministry of education also said a few days ago, will improve the rural teacher's status and treatment principle, income of not less than the local civil service wages. This is the importance of rural primary school teachers and personnel in the right way.
All said, "the teacher is the engineer of human soul, which is different from the general description of the teacher profession, with a strong ideal color and the sense of responsibility. A person choose the teacher occupation, to impart knowledge and educate people as its own mission, to their most needed, and not only is the best place. The need to create a thick atmosphere of respecting teachers, society, local government, school leaders give more humanistic care.
Treatment to keep people, keep people feeling, policy to keep people, this is the fundamental way to solve the loss level and rural school quality teachers resources.
(Editor: Su Lin)