How to seize the valuable time before the exam, to co-ordinate arrangements for each subject to review, and strive to make their own highlights the advantages, disadvantages as much as possible to get the maximum improvement, is an important problem facing every examinee. For the English review:
(a) recite the text sixty days, college entrance examination is no longer difficult. (review materials must be based on the unit of discourse, avoid by all means is to recite English Chinese word list.)
For example: open the three books fifteenth unit Lesson 57 On Reading, translate it into Chinese, or open the textbook "teaching book" appendix to the reading text. And then the re translation into English sentence by sentence, and then control textbook English text translation, correction of errors, and the repeated copying, dictation, until she knew them well.
(two) read the exam for nearly six years, the overall input sixty. (at the college entrance examination papers consists of about 20 texts, not only to do, more to memorize.)
For example: the correct option 2003 national volume cloze fill in all the blanks, the text read, try to translate, then according to the above mentioned way translation, recitation, dictation of.
(three) focused on the content of self learning, always consult the dictionary. (review focus on discourse content, not just its grammar and vocabulary.)
To truly understand you "have never seen the discourse", must have a good "English English Dictionary", it can accurately explain the meaning and usage of the word more than "Chinese English Dictionary". Many national college entrance examination "rewriting volume problem is an English English Dictionary" sentences or direct selection.
(four) on the mirror mouth pen real practice, rewrite the expansion of Shan Ying war. (to a single sentence for the extension of discourse, and in front of the mirror, talking, oral activities.)
Such as: Shanghai 2003 Vol. (25) problem: the original title: I earn 10 dollars hour as supermarket cashier on
Saturdays. A. a... An B. the... A C. an... A D. an... The (C)
"Extended" after the "innovation discourse":
-- How are you paid for your work?
-- By hour.
-- Where do you work?
-- I work in supermarket.
-- How much do you earn hour?
-- I earn 10 dollars hour as cashier on Saturdays.
Key the / A / an / an / A
(five) the true fluent in English written, advocating taste efficiency. (to recite dictation real English, be interested in, the to be fluent smooth memory.)
(six) reading exercise seven hundred words, repetition in fill the gap. (at the college entrance examination papers for more than 3000 words, but in fact, the use of the vocabulary but more than 700, research shows that: if the master grams basic words can be read, understood 75%80.5% english. Therefore, the memory of a set of college entrance examination papers is in more than 3000 words, repetition review the 700 - 1000 basic words, each word of an average of 3 - 4. You poor foundation, in this way, can fill a "pretty close").
In studying the "unseen discourse", will pay more attention to the basic grammar and vocabulary, to "rich in content, language is difficult to understand the discourse of" review "better understand" the basis of language. Discourse such as "college entrance examination papers" and "English Digest" magazine are "reading exercise seven hundred words, repetition in the best place to fill the gap".