Interpretation and translation although belong to the work of translation, but they have different characteristics. The theory, technique and requirements also vary. The biggest characteristic is effective on the spot. It on the wording had little time for deliberation, even not allow to weigh. But, in most cases it is impossible to use any tool book. The interpreter must be good at short time accurately grasp two languages to.
Whether it is a conversation, or a negotiation or lectures, the interpreter can get the interviewers thought accurately reporting the past to clear and fluent language, is the conversation and negotiation or lectures can proceed smoothly, the key. So, how to do a good job in interpreting? Here, I would like to own some concrete practice in interpretation practice, talk about some superficial experience, communicate with colleagues in translation circles.
One, must have the preparation
Accept the interpreting task, we must do some preparation work (of course, can be short or long, as the case may be), including language, technical and psychological preparation. We must first understand the translated content. For example, once take interpretation, is the glass fluid mechanical stirrer introduced project visits abroad. Before going abroad, I found two related foreign patent documents, carefully read a few of these segments, and try to retell the main content in french. So, on the glass melting furnace mixer and related knowledge and vocabulary will have a rough understanding. Furthermore, is to find the program manager information. On the project has been familiar with, so it's relatively easy translation.
We assume the interpretation, is sometimes carried out technical exchanges with lectures way. In such cases, deal with the lecturer will talk topic, even the best audience situation have to understand, is not the spot panic. We should pay attention to and foreign guests to meet for the first time, schedule activities. This activity generally does not involve deep technical content. We could add it as a preparation after the formal translation. First of all, you can through this first meeting understanding and gradually adapt to the foreign guests, tone of voice. The people all know, foreigners speech, intonation is all kinds of. This requires the interpreter can not only understand the standard language, but also to be able to quickly adapt to various accents, non-standard language. Furthermore, through the initial contact, can also have some understanding of the negotiations or lectures (in advance without sufficient time for the desk ready case, this is especially important to understand). More important is, this initial contact can eliminate you spot the tension, ready for the next step of formal translation.
In addition, there is a way to prepare, the effect is very good. This is the common people and speech prepared speech outline, agreed. This gives effect to make a draft first. There are some occasions can do: negotiations the Chinese side to ask questions; the party or other formal cases will be prepared speech content, such as toast etc..
In the task of interpreting the most headache is speech beforehand prepared a speech, a speech read out, and the interpreter of the lecture beforehand and unprepared for this is actually doing the translation work in with the interpretation mode. Really encounter such a situation, the interpreter of course can not be avoided, can only rely on the usual skill, try my best to deal with.
Two, translation and editing
What're the meaning of them? That is to say the interpreter in the hear and understand speech words, to be able to tell what is he really needs to talk, what is not, repeat wordy nonsense, and editing on the. So, to do so is contrary to the principle of faithful translation? No. Because, speaking its own spoken language features. The speaker in the impromptu speech, mind is often only one central idea, but the specific expression and making sentences, but think of where where. That is to say, the spoken language may not like the written language that is rigorous, one must have some repetition, wordy nonsense. Even the speaker was inarticulate, often say some unintelligible words, not complete. Chinese, foreigners also have this situation. Then, the interpreter must be good at comprehensive, in the basic content of speech under the premise of not missing, dare to delete those nonsense, to make the words clearly. Only in this way can we truly loyal to the spiritual essence of the speaker. Otherwise the blind pursuit of word for word and sentence for sentence literal translation, it will give people feel messy, infidelity.
As for what to translate, what to delete, this depends on the level of comprehensive knowledge of all aspects of the interpreter to judge. Never on the grounds of the speech words greatly reduced to edit, be injured in the sinews or bones. This is not just the level of translation problems, but also the occupation moral problems in translation. Translation and editing as better convey the spirit essence of the speaker, not to any other purposes.
Three, translation to remember key points
Note points, is to remember the content of the speech instead of the original speech pattern and words. The characteristics of oral work, need to be in a very short time to convey timely speaker meaning, therefore, asked the interpreter to forget the words of vocabulary and sentence patterns in the original immediately understand the content, specification for another language to express. If not immediately forget the words of vocabulary and sentence patterns, especially easy to make the translated language or Chinese language, Chinese or foreign flavor, make the listener to listen to the awkward, influence of AC. Translation in the translation of comrades like a pen to write, I just started to engage in interpretation also tried to do, thinking that this can help memory. After repeated practice, I gave up this approach. I think it is not only useless, it will hinder the speed of memory and the expression of. Because of this intermediate
