In May 13th as the last old TOEFL held, after China, will be transferred to pay attention to language communication function in the August "TOEFL" era. Major changes occur inevitably lead to change exam training, from examination oriented to application, training institutions to face the challenge of not less than the candidates, in fact, each agency to accelerate their pace and new TOEFL cohesion respectively from the teachers, teaching materials, training methods. And the students to further understand the situation in order to achieve a high score.
Focus on the exchange of new TOEFL
According to the American Educational Testing Service (ETS) global senior vice president Paul A Ramsey introduction, in previous TOEFL score high, some students are unable to communicate in english. So he thought, English teaching principles should focus on improve their communication ability, performance in the new TOEFL, is no longer a test on vocabulary and grammar, but to join the speaking part of new projects, increase the difficulty of listening, to listen to, say, read, write four skills integrated in the inspection together. This is called "communication style English".
While the new North American test project director Zhang Hongwei points out further, the so-called exchange English, is able to skillfully use of English spoken and written language skills to communicate with others, the realization of the basic requirements for English level of each university in North America, so as to achieve the purpose of life in North America University smoothly. In the new TOEFL content, will be more possible assessment in university campus scene, for example, students listen to lectures, between notes, to answer the teacher's question, the exchange of students, the future students to the American University campus learning, can use it.
Model test shows a substantial increase in difficulty
For China students, emphasize the communication ability of the new TOEFL test it will increase. More important is, according to the vice president of Beijing new channel school Liu Hongbo introduced, the new TOEFL iBT is a read "fusion", so as to realize the comprehensive assessment of the actual language communication and application ability, test ability of candidates in the real language scene understanding ability, the ability to capture information and comprehensive utilization of the obtained information.
Thus, Chinese students think high score is not so easy. The first organized by the science of new TOEFL Training School of Beijing in the case of the long ago by ETS mainland authorized partners simulation verified the exam. Beijing science training school is responsible for people Hou Shijun told reporters, 21 candidates from the result, more than 80 candidates only 5, and the 5 students from either the international school, or English major background, or have received training in foreign countries. Those below 80 points of the candidates, although through the four six level, but in the new TOEFL won't get high marks. In addition, Hou Shijun also found that, the outstanding achievements of students in general subjects more balanced and individual performance, low score students, out of 30 individual test points difference had a 11 points, some students oral English only 8 points. He thinks, those who learn not students will not be able to adapt to the new TOEFL iBT's request, only those who can learn and the students can get high marks.
Examination, the quality is not incompatible
For many students think that the new TOEFL difficulty is too big, New Oriental Education &amp; Technology Group senior vice president Zhou Chenggang said, in the face of America and other countries many outstanding university, Graduate School and School of business, Chinese students almost always require TOEFL crossed this threshold; once questioned this exam is going to be the outstanding talented person block at outside, but the fact proved that, only with good language quality students have the ability to complete the study abroad courses, so students need to Chinese foreign schools prove that they have the basic language ability to complete their studies, while the TOEFL exam provides a more authoritative certification for China students. China students need to ETS this examination mechanism to guide their language learning direction and prove that their language ability, better in the face of fierce competition for global high-quality educational resources.
- voice
Man-machine conversation examination effect
Fan Xuguang, female, the students of Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications
To see the new TOEFL sample, to speak English as a second language in the US, the difficulty is increased a lot. Especially in oral English, unlike the IELTS is a person and person face to face communication, the new TOEFL is a dialogue between the eyes, the lack of interpersonal communication, I feel very habits. Of course, I will try to take the exam again, it does not go to ielts.
Now I have new TOEFL classes. For a start, I reported to the base class, found not the level, the class level and the demand is not the same, I re reported intensive class. In fact, training is only emergency measures, if you don't work hard, still can not test good grades.
Listening is the most difficult to chew
- Yang Yuguang, IT staff
The new TOEFL iBT, in addition to reading, several other parts of the examination should be inspected listening strength. And the listening part is always my weakness, because now, in all levels of English language training has been more emphasis on grammar and reading training, and pay little attention to the English expression training.
But in the listening part of the exam, the dialogue or speech time lengthened, to grasp the main content, I think the distracting height in a long time. This is what I and many students problems. So, I think the listening part will become the biggest difficulties.
- Weapon
Focus on the cultivation of language logic thinking
