Topic, subject, time tight, wide high requirements of argumentative writing is always a difficult problem in IELTS writing, narrow-minded, vocabulary has also been common Chinese examinee, how to broaden the train of thought in writing? How to memorize 8000 IELTS vocabulary? What is IELTS preparation errors and coping methods of writing? Last weekend, Eic education teacher Wu Jianye to the vast number of candidates in the Guangzhou library a vivid IELTS argumentative writing class.
Develop ten major principles of thought
According to statistics, in recent years the IELTS argumentative writing, there are 265 topics, often test involving environmental protection, economy, society, education, crime subject, very wide. In view of the fact that many candidates writing feel nothing to say, Wu Jianye remind candidates to think about the topic from the economic, time, health, emotional, psychological, educational, cultural, moral rights, environmental protection and ten principles. He takes the dog for example: the economy must spend a lot of money; emotionally close to the dog will alienate to a certain extent, to the Gou Chongliang family; the dog dog waste time; spreading the disease will affect health; dogs can affect learning; the dog is very loyal, dog will let the human alienation cunning from psychological; violations of neighbor right; the dogs discharge will damage the environment etc.. "So you come across any one topic are not guilty." But he also reminded the candidates need not be exhaustive, as long as two or three out ten principles in the circle is more than sufficient.
Remember the 800 core vocabulary
"Junk? Recyclable garbage? Biodegradable waste?... " The classroom, Wu Jianye some questions about garbage stumped a lot of present English majors. Wu Jianye teacher said, China students in school to learn vocabulary in many occasions not, such as the English specialized eight levels of focus on literary classics, English business negotiation, business is focused on vocabulary. IELTS 8000 vocabulary, but quite a number of candidates frantically from A back to Z, there are still want to say but can not tell, even speak out also converge not to issue. How to do?
Recite "classification, associative memory." Wu Jianye told the majority of candidates, as long as the master of 800 words, we can easily deal with the IELTS writing. "Of course these words from the core vocabulary, such as the pig dog." What word is the core vocabulary? Wu Jianye cited an example, such as luxury, poverty, relief, by refugees...... Thus, the associated vocabulary in collusion to recite, not only mastered the vocabulary, and the vocabulary is often may be related to the content of an article.
Write personalized stereotyped writing
Wu also pointed out that the preparation of misunderstanding and coping methods of candidates. For a lot of people want to raise the level of writing thoughts through learning foreign classics, Wu think foreign masterpiece is miles away for most China examinee. "Foreigners to learn Chinese to learn the mountains and Daniel Chinese well, and could not let them learn to Mr. Lu Xun's" medicine "," Kong Yiji "and other famous." Similarly, Chinese candidates to learn English good Chinese, he thought that the real good textbooks is outstanding essay Chinese candidates.
Mention some guidance teacher education students write must reveal the truth, think of what you say, Mr. Wu thinks this is not realistic, because for most China candidates, do write and draw freely as one wishes, calm, revealing the truth of it is very difficult to write. And a lot of people to recite famous model we follow the pattern of the wind, insipid. In view of this, he thinks it is necessary to learn the model essay format, and also some modification, adding their own things, prominent personality, "write personalized stereotyped writing".
The lecture, Mr. Wu also remind candidates don't think writing new in order to be different, load one's pages with references, as long as to be able to make out a good case, multi data case authority, detailed to explain ideas is good, otherwise they will be superfluous.
