Travel, rest, charging, rather than the familiar traditional activities, some students of the "five one" holiday out of the ordinary preparation in 2006 "China -- College Students Entrepreneurship competition".
Officially opens contest "five one", the word is quite eye-catching publicity: the winner will be included in the "Chinese campus rich list 500". However, the "campus rich list Graduate School" was not released, the first being poured a pot of cold water. Public opinion thinks, students create "campus rich list" do more harm than good, or even distorted view of wealth, college students' Outlook on life. A similar point of view we are not strange, I do not know what time from the beginning, some "special" behavior of college students will attract criticism moral stick. College Students' beauty, is difficult to resist the temptation of impetuous social environment; College of business, college students work is quick; the selection of the rich list, is irrational restlessness towards wealth......
Commercial activities in the university life is accounted for the great proportion? What a creative activity means for college students? Commercial atmosphere into the university is contrary to the spirit of the university? Now, let us put aside those heavy moral standard, try for a vision to have a look the new atmosphere in University campus.
Tsinghua University from 1998 "business plan competition" began, in recent years "college students entrepreneurship" is "a few be raging like a storm" trend. Because of the media attention, may allow people to have an illusion: business activities have become the mainstream of university life is not the case -- the fact.
Ask just graduated from colleagues and university students in school, got the same answer. In the university students, learning is always the main center of gravity. There are thousands of students in a university, to participate in a variety of commercial activities is a small part of less and less. Even if is to participate in business activities of students, also is the completion of their studies while normal. For them, the only extracurricular activities and social practice.
He graduated university students, also there is no lack of "business" experience: set up a stall selling a few dollars card in school Christmas just fire, Baigou days when the "profiteer"...... These were later to become their memories of life in the university. The passage of time, today's college students begin to try beauty, business etc.. Because these activities with more strong commercial color, make a more distinct brand of the times, thus aroused some criticism of public opinion. However, change an angle to think, this is the best embodiment of the spirit of university.
All the time since, the university spirit is break wall, close to the times. The core point of university spirit, is to absorb anything and everything. The modern education to nurture diverse talents, should encourage students to complete the basic education, learning the textbook knowledge more, according to their respective ideas development way. For schools, allowed such as business competition, rankings and so filled with creative activities held, it provides a comfortable environment for the diversified development of students.
The university campus, is the young people of the world; university spirit, always encouraged to try and practice. Students participate in a beauty pageant or entrepreneurship, reflect the more is the spirit of the game and participation attitude, whether it is success or failure, is a rare experience for them. The social public opinion to this, with moral standards to criticism, as with a tolerant attitude. After all, in a permissive environment, in order to have more creative talent, young people can have a wonderful university life.
Editor: Su Lin
