The first recruit plan answer time
Plan the answer time, maintain the stability of the speed of answer. Multiple choice exam usually asked in a short period of time, the start of a test, you should take a look at the questions of the component, and for each question should occupy the time to make a quick estimation, perhaps you will find that every choice allows for less than a minute to answer.
In some cases, this seems unlikely, but you don't have to worry about, there are many problems may be only a few seconds are needed to make a choice, in this way, you will have enough time with consideration to the relatively difficult problems.
To maintain the stability of the speed of answer, is also very necessary, the general practice is: first, read and answer you know, skip did not grasp the questions. Then recalculate your time, have a look the rest of each question how much time. In a problem to spend more time is worth, even if you are right, may also The loss outweighs the gain.
Second strokes to see the subject requirements
Answer the questions according to the topic request, there are a lot of candidates even problem requirements without reading it and begin. For example, multiple-choice questions asked to select a best answer, obviously, in addition to the best answers, some answers in the correct option, may also have different degree, but is incomplete. Some candidates, see backbone, followed by a "good" or "attractive" alternative answer attracted to the rest of the answer won't even look at you put in the past, which lost a lot of opportunities should score. Please remember, must see the choice of answer all the. A thorough single choice, choose the answer all attractive, however, the convicted, but only one is the right choice.
The third measure by the method of exclusion
Use the process of elimination. If the correct answer can not see at a glance, should first eliminate obviously absurd, bad or incorrect answer. In general, for multiple-choice questions, especially multiple choice questions and choose the correct answer to the backbone item almost directly copied from the designated materials or regulations, the rest of the options to * the proposition to design their own, even a skilled experts proposition, sometimes in order to make up the numbers, he write options may also have a look we can see that is the wrong answer. As much as possible to exclude a number of options that can improve you choose to answer and score probability.
For example: if the control risk level of the preliminary assessment is in medium level, relevant audit evidence certified public accountant shall obtain.
A. ratio assessment for high level to
Evaluation of B. than for low level to
C. evaluation for high level than less
D. and evaluation for low level as much
Obviously, in this case, the meaning of essence, C answer B expression is the same, or all of, or wrong. But this is a single choice, can't all right, so B and C can be ruled out. (the correct answer: A.)
Fourth strokes using the prediction method
Using the prediction method. If you don't know the exact answer, must not give up, to make full use of knowledge to guess. In general, the more projects to exclude the possibility of guessing the correct answer, the greater the.
For example, a paper with 10 answer choices for the four item multiple-choice questions, you are sure to choose the right only 6, the score of 6 (each question is worth 1 points). If blindly guessing 4 questions remaining, according to the probability of it, you may guess a problem, so the total your score is 7 points. If the 4 question you do not understand, can successfully eliminated two answers, you are expected to guess 2 to 3 questions, then your score to 8-9. The score for one out of 10 multiple-choice questions, should be very ideal.
Fifth strokes using the comparative method
By comparison, the choice of the answer directly to the comparison and analysis, the differences between them, the key to concentrate on the correct answer and wrong answers.
For example: a factory to buy 20 tons of chemical fertilizer to the ethylene plant, the contract agreed by the ethylene plant consignment. Lost in transit cost nearly 5 tons. In accordance with the law, as the owner of the goods, ().
A. a factory has the right to demand compensation from the Transport Department
B. ethylene plant has the right to request compensation from the Transport Department
C. a factory has the right to request compensation from the ethylene plant
D. a, B two factory has the right to request compensation for Common Transport Ministry
Keywords here, this is "the owner of the goods", answered "cargo owner" appeared in three: a plant, ethylene plant, a and B two factory. The examination questions explanation "the contract agreed by the ethylene plant consignment agent, ethylene plant consignment agent, fertilizer from ethylene plant to the ownership of a factory all. So the answer is only A or C. because of ethylene plant is just for a factory "agents", the ownership of the goods has been transferred, the rights and obligations of Party A and Party B have been settled, a factory are no longer in addition to the quality of the goods proposed outside the requirements to the ethylene plant, obviously the answer can only be A. If the title indicates the contract agreed to by the ethylene plant is responsible for shipping "(instead of" agent "), the answer can only be
B. Because in the past to a factory in the goods, the ownership of the goods without the occurrence of transfer.
Sixth trick with the probability of events
Do judge a problem task is to point out that it's right or wrong, so even if you don't, you have 50% guesses the right opportunity. But they don't give you this opportunity: if you made an error of judgement, pour points! So you must be careful, do not make unnecessary sacrifices. But I really don't want to get high marks, and the point, there is no skill? There are! Statistics show that, in a
