In 20 a few years ago, USA survey ship in the red sea operations, found a strange phenomenon, the scientists particularly surprised. Well, the bottom layer of the ocean because all the year round does not see the sun, the temperature is very low. But USA scientists of this investigation, found 3 at depths greater than 2000 meters deep, the water temperature up to 56 DEG C, just like spring. Laboratory analysis where the sea mud, so that more scientists are excited, the original soil actually contains a lot of gold, its grade is 40 times higher than the land of gold, only a little "Adiran Thys II" deep, there are 46 tons of gold!
This remarkable discovery shocked the whole world. People are curious to: if you can put these mud dug up refined gold, that should have much good.
Just as people set our sights on the red sea of time, from 1998, off the coast of Mexico Pacific Garifuna niran TIA, also found the mud. Careful analysis of laboratory tests, found in the soil not only contains a lot of gold, there are a large number of silver, lead, copper, zinc, iron, tin, titanium, molybdenum, manganese metal, therefore, people put the mud called multi metal ooze.
Why is there so much metal in soil? The study found that, the metal is along the seafloor crustal fracture permeability to the depths of the strata, the salts in the magma and metal dissolution, become ore solution, and then by the action of high temperature and high pressure in deep stratum, spray to the bottom of the sea, making the deep seabed soil rich in a variety of metal. Also the temperature near the sea floor becomes very high, just like the Red Sea. Because it is from subbottom depths in state of high temperature liquid spray out, so called the seafloor hydrothermal deposits.
Due to technical reasons, undersea hydrothermal deposit can not carry out mining immediately, but it is a potentially valuable seabed resources treasure house. Once capable of industrial exploitation, then, it will be the same as the undersea oil, deep-sea manganese nodules, coastal placer together, become one of four major minerals of submarine.
&amp;nbsp;
Source: Chinese world network
