University teachers become Chinese high income earners! This is from the State Administration of Taxation message like the boulder river, in the community aroused huge waves "".
What kind of income is "high income"? "It's very difficult to those with high income to develop a clear standard. In fact, to find out those with high income and taxable income accurately, is much more difficult than people imagine to be." Department of scientific research, finance director Sun Gang said tax. But if you must delimit from technology, annual income is in 100000 yuan of above can be called high income earners.
"If according to this index to measure words, it can be said that more than 80% of the teachers in Colleges and universities can not become a high income earners." From the South China University of Technology young teacher Xiahou Jun said, "you know, college teachers, young teachers are the majority of the."
But there is another view at the Xiahou Jun point of view: "now the teacher can see income, is only a small part of the total income. Otherwise, by virtue of their book income, can buy a nice house, then raise the car?"
In fact, either for or against university teachers will be defined as those with high income, but the two sides of a coin. With the director of the center for finance and Taxation Research at the Zhongshan University, Yang Weihua's words: "this concept is relatively high income. However, as the senior intellectuals, college teachers should become the whole is high income groups, it is very important for a mature society." Planning / sinus Fengchang article / reporter Miao Chenbo, Liu Zhihua
Clarification: really high income of teachers in less than 5%
Guangzhou province CPPCC, former president of South China University of Technology, Professor Liu Huanbin told reporters: "teachers high real income accounted for less than 5% of teachers in Colleges and universities."
Liu Huanbin said, he did not know that the State Administration of taxation is to define high income industry and high income people according to what standard. However, if the evidence he previously learned standard (annual income is in 120000 yuan of above) of view, South China University of Technology Professor, associate professor, lecturer and assistant, truly achieve this standard, accounting for the proportion of in-service teachers school certainly less than 2%. Even if is to obtain income through other channels, man, he estimated the highest proportion of less than 5%. South China University of Technology teacher wages and foreign activity in the domestic university, is still relatively good.
So, Liu Huanbin to the State Administration of Taxation will be teachers in Colleges and universities is defined as high income individual practices that objection: first of all, from his grasp of the situation, the current Guangzhou University Teachers' average income level, and should be civil servants the same or a bit higher; secondly, the teacher's income is a little taller than civil servants, are very favorable to attract talents in Colleges and universities. If this point can not guarantee it, to ensure the teachers in Colleges and universities, is disadvantageous to improve teaching quality of higher education.
Guangzhou province CPPCC National Committee members, Guangzhou University Party committee secretary Chen Wanpeng said: "the high income of teachers in Colleges and universities into supervision should also."
He says he can't accept the State Administration of Taxation will be defined as individuals with high income of teachers in Colleges and universities. Take the Guangzhou University, the school in-service teachers and about 2400 students, really belongs to those with high income, should be in about 100, that is to say, the ratio is less than 5%. Guangzhou University teachers present monthly average wage in 4000 yuan, if this part of the teachers also defined as high income individuals, he thought of the consequences. But he approves of the national tax department of a small number of high-income teachers into the regulation.
Analysis: the college teachers' income gap comes from where
Wang Chuhui professor of Sociology of Nankai University once on University Teachers' income had a detailed investigation. Professor Wang said, University professor of widening income gap for many reasons, mainly in the following aspects: the system of wages, allowances system, inside and outside the government special allowance, social and market demand of teaching and research, the interdisciplinary differences between different teachers, academic status, to participate in the market awareness of the different, the opportunity of going abroad is different power or gray income, etc..
It took the government special allowance, a special allowance in Colleges and universities of our country existing winners as follows:
"Yangtze River scholars" 8 people, annual allowance 100000 yuan; "cross century talents" 17 people, the annual allowance 60000 yuan; "National Outstanding Youth Fund" the winner of the 8 people, per unit of 200000 yuan of funds, supporting 200000 yuan, funded by 3~4 years, individuals can deduct a percentage; "Talents Project" in 9 allowance of 60000 yuan, year, funded by 3~4 years; "the professor" provincial special allowance 5, annual allowance 100000 yuan; "funds" excellent young teacher of Ministry of education to get 2 people, 50000 yuan / person years of liberal arts, science 100000 yuan / per person per year, partly as allowance.
In addition, due to the difference of social and market demand for research, will be different for college teachers further widening income gap. As some teachers because of its profession so, teaching to the students in class MBA in his spare time, can at least get a lecture fees 1000 yuan a day, the annual lecture fees of up to several million income. It was therefore the income of up to hundreds of thousands of yuan, household deposits more than 1 million yuan.
Survey: the teacher lecture fees for at least a day 5000
Statement 1 "feel that he is a low income"
"I don't think they belong to the 'high income individuals', on the contrary, I'd feel like a low income." Working at South China Agricultural University, Miss Peng said in an interview with reporters
