After some twists and turns finally finished the TOEFL test in Toronto, the whole test lasted for nearly 8 hours. Why.
Because the finished second after partial hearing loss, America center ETS examination Server a fault, let all the candidates waiting for 3 hours, and the middle to leave. The author's room to have the patience to persist to the end of the candidates
Even less than a half. The 3 hours that I had the opportunity to test center to understand the situation more clearly: the examination room layout into an open office, every one has its own cube, but no sound, because the oral examination
Everywhere can hear voices inside. The author's floor can accommodate 16 people, a 3 day European immigrants (see
To forty or fifty years old), 5 Indians, 2 South Koreans, 2 girls from Hongkong, one from the Kingston to the Asian
There is a boy, was I, is the only one China mainland to (apparently Chinese classmates were all frightened).
I had thought that the new TOEFL exam on the spot like test like TOEFL give me a score range, somehow comfort me 8 hours
Down tired soul, no results, finally the examination staff told me to wait for me to get the score after 3-4 weeks, so
We must pay attention to the past a lot of different. Because do not know the result of the exam, I can only share test experience. The new TOEFL never imagine propaganda and various advertising so difficult, but to do well, must have a comprehensive exam
Skills, certain English ability and fast reaction speed.
A examination skills are divided into 2 aspects: one is the examinee must be quite familiar with the form and content of the new toefl. Test a total of 4 parts.
1 reading:
Do not make notes in the process, a total of 3 articles in 40 issues, 60 minutes to answer the requirements. The 3 article is divided into two independent timing part, the former part only 1 articles in 14 issues, 20 minutes to answer, which can return; the second part is the 2 other articles for 40 minutes, can also return.
Listening: 2 according to ETS introduction, listening should be only 2 independent timing part, there are 1 long conversations and 2 long lectures per part,
Each part of the exam time is 10 minutes. But I that was met with 3 independent timing part, afterwards just know one part is the experimental questions, but when the exam is not know that part of the. (after hearing, candidates have 10 minutes rest, I suggest something to eat and drink.)
Oral 3: 6 question. First, the 2 problem is a familiar topic, each for 15 seconds, 45 seconds to answer Headset microphone on the computer, by strict timing, a bit like to answer
Machine message. Third, the 4 question first for 45 seconds to read a passage, then listen to the passage, let you oral summary and generalization, for 30 seconds, 60 seconds to answer, the former is mainly about student
Life, which is academic. Fifth, the 6 question is to let you listen to a dialogue and a academic scripts, then 20 seconds, 60 seconds to answer.
4 writing 2 articles. The first part is the first 3 minutes to read a paragraph of text, to hear about this text a comment, and then write an essay of 150-225 words articles in 20 minutes. When writing an article, the reading will appear on the left side of the screen, and the computer will show you write the word. Second articles were written 300 words in 30 minutes the article title, apparently still is from the original test question database selected TOEFL composition. The writing section is now can only type, there is no longer a handwritten this choice.
Candidates in the familiar with the examination content, must be proficient in problem solving skills. The reading section should learn to processing of the article itself, 10 questions especially inserted sentence, information organization and summarizes the solution to the problem. Listening
Section has now become longer and more smelly, what place is point must be predicted and taking notes, especially for the 2 topics and the sorting problem. The oral part improvised on the spot alone is not enough, you must recite some templates and common
The sentence, this way will it be possible to express clearly and coherently. The 2 article writing require candidates to master the refutation of argumentation writing: the first part is certainly let you write how speakers to refute the reading content,
This article writing routine very fixed; while the 8 type writing candidates another article also must be familiar with and in the exam practice.
Two English ability.
From reading requires candidates to have a certain vocabulary, not too much, the 6000 can. Some of the books recommend every 60 words, this is not enough, I suggest you every day to see at least 300 words.
Also needs certain reading skills in playing vocabulary foundation, there are three kinds of questions in the exam are reading ability, one asked the sentence below is the original rewrite; one is inserted into the topic sentence; a summary of the contents of the article is the problem.
Listening is the same, the full brain skills is to don't understand, up examination definitely gone. Suggest you from listening to, supplemented by extensive listening, 2 months can improve the quality, but the precondition is that every day at least listen to
2 hours.
Speaking section. You China examinee should thank ETS for giving us a chance to improve oral english.
Many people always think why not to add new TOEFL oral test, I mentioned this problem is Voices of discontent. I suggest that we adjust state of mind, the blame time than practice, classroom training, after-school
Practice, practice, at the teacher