Hourly pay over a hundred yuan pressure ungrateful child
Please tutor for homework, but to help children volunteer. Yesterday (9 days), Beijing college entrance examination volunteer website just opened, many parents began to hire college students as a "volunteer tutor". The person in charge of the Beijing Normal University Tutor Center said, there are dozens of parents to register. While there have been similar demand in some other tutoring center. "Volunteer tutor" is mainly composed of three, four and the development of a student as, for the general cost of 100 yuan per hour to 200 yuan.
Parent
To inquire about the situation of college students in Colleges and Universities
Liuliqiao Home Xu lady read three son will be a volunteer. Yesterday (9 days), she hired a half day off to Beijing Normal University tutor center about "a volunteer tutor" thing. "Everyone in the family is not familiar with the University, ask the school teacher was afraid the teacher was busy, so I want to find a college student as volunteer tutor, give the child some situation of University, such as the school climate ah, what the conditions of life, let us know." Ms. Xu said, hoping to find a big three, senior student tutor, a better understanding of the University, age and children but also a difference is not too big, easy communication.
Tutor
"Over" experience will help us choose
Beijing Normal University big three student Ge Qing has a parent signed a contract, since yesterday, he to the candidates home counseling volunteer for 5 consecutive days will be. Ge Qing said that his relatives last year tutored children volunteer home. "After the University, just know what university. The test light to see some introduction is not enough, is should listen to 'over'. In my understanding of the University, I will give him my advice. I'm in the examinee home firstly to chat with him, watching his interest, and then according to the resources and experience to help him understand the school, canteen, dormitory conditions situation, the study section of the scale, a professional employment situation." Ge Qing said with a smile, and how many boys and girls school, the proportion of girls are pretty what. This information should be helpful to choose candidates.
Examinee
Is too much interference feel pressure
Although the parents happy, but students of senior three small peaks on the mother called "voluntary tutor" does not like. Xiao Feng said that, "the newspaper wish so hard? To understand the school, Internet and look up not to go, why want to spend money to hire? It is my own things, so many people for me, let me never mind, let me feel the pressure particularly large."
Experts remind
Candidates should not be increased psychological burden
"The use of 'friends' experience to help the children, this is a common practice in foreign countries. But to do so must have a 'degree', do not give children too much increase psychological burden." Beijing Youth Legal and psychological counseling center director Zong Chunshan said, to take a variety of ways to pay more attention to children, is actually a manifestation of parental anxiety. Entrance around the corner, properly "neglected child" is necessary, should give the child to create a relaxed test environment. Experts have pointed out that the understanding of university students is an objective and correct? Whether because of their own limitations to the candidates misleading? Expert proposal, "voluntary counseling is counseling", the examinee should have their own choice, parents should respect the opinions of the candidates.
Editor: Su Lin
