[source: the Taiqi MBA]
Review of the English and the Countermeasures
English papers out of 100 points, the examination time for 180 minutes, test is divided into five parts: vocabulary knowledge, cloze, reading comprehension, translation and writing.
The vocabulary and the grammar is the basis of language ability, not rich vocabulary and the grammar knowledge, one's English level may not be really improved, some candidates that vocabulary, grammar score much, think the vocabulary and the grammar is not important, relax or even give up the grammar and vocabulary of the review, it is simply the practice, is very wrong. In addition to the single item choice, other parts of the exam is also closely related with the grammar, vocabulary, such as cloze, both to test vocabulary, grammar test. Reading comprehension, translation, writing, examination, also need the examinee to the grammar and vocabulary proficiency in the use of.
Vocabulary is the basis of English for review, but the vocabulary memory simply time-consuming and slowly effects, we must combine the reading practice, translation of words. Suggest that you focus on a period of time in the review period, such as daily 2~3 hours of intensive, vocabulary memory, the target is probably but comprehensive understanding to the syllabus vocabulary, idioms. In the middle of examinee proforma, mainly by means of reading and translation to consolidate vocabulary, this stage should pay attention to methods, to do reading and translation, and then query and record the words and phrases (fuzzy impression this part of vocabulary to find time often review), university must pay attention to, while reading the side turned vocabulary handbook is the worst review the way. Preparation of late, especially before the exam, the examinee must re over a few times vocabulary, and strive to leave clear impression, avoid the vocabulary not proficient and affect the reading speed.
During this process, it is best to prepare a book with examples and used with the MBA vocabulary handbook.
Reading comprehension test scores accounted for English 40%, MBA is the key. Reading comprehension ability reflects an examinee's ability to use language in general, the examinee to improve reading ability, you need to do a lot of reading. Intensive reading in the reading and fast reading of the combination, is the effective way to improve the reading level. Many students said they do a lot of questions, read many articles, but the level is still the same, the main reason is that they are not in intensive reading of the article. We should understand, to lay a good foundation to our language only intensive, if blindly seeking fast, always fast reading, English level is very difficult to achieve a qualitative leap.
I suggest that those with poor English foundation of the examinee peacetime exercises to mainly to intensive reading, see the two or three article every day, pay attention to the subject of the article, paragraph, sentence, the effect of core keywords, for some long and difficult sentences are analysed, encounter a new word to write down notes, be turned to look up the dictionary, expression some good examples and to back down, lay a good foundation for the language knowledge, it is also good for writing. On the basis of further appropriate arrangements for some fast reading, intensive reading and fast reading general ratio of 1:3, and of course this is not absolute, we can adjust according to their own situation. Based on a lot of reading only on, you can quickly read, can quickly get useful information from the passage, get good marks in the exam.
English Chinese translation test mainly tests the students according to ability to accurately express the original meaning in Chinese context. This ability to enhance can from proceed with two aspects.
On the one hand, to carries on the thorough analysis to meet the reading comprehension of long sentences, sentence structure clear, the meaning of the word, not some of the meaning of words in the dictionary, we had the extension of word meaning according to the context the meaning of.
On the other hand, to English Chinese translation to take some individual exercises, selected training materials is the best English chinese. Training to fight without looking at the answer, try to translate the meaning according to the context, and then control the text comparison, reflection, scrutiny, to find their own shortcomings and weaknesses, if translate the sentence structure error, it is necessary to strengthen the analysis of the structure of sentences in the training.
In the translation skills, now a lot of the postgraduate entrance examination instruction book are involved, we can choose a good read. Translation emphasizes the "faithfulness, expressiveness and elegance", the letter, is to be faithful to the original, reached the requirement is translated sentences must be accurately express the intention of the original sentence and careless, elegance refers to the sentence vivid smooth translation, rather than rigid astringent. We do this, nature can get their ideal score in the exam.
Break English writing difficulties first need to master some fixed sentence patterns. The usual sentences I like write in Chinese, fixed, then apply the English sentence structure. For example, It 's + adj. + that / to a sentence is more typical, often can apply. This is actually a "translation" of the work, the candidates in the composition, it is difficult to write correct and on-the-spot improvisation those beautiful sentences, usually rely on accumulated.
Secondly, you can write your own sentence "parade" to the people. Why want to let others see your "weakness"? The reason is that, the examinee cannot discriminate made out of their own English sentence is correct. In this time, the sentence error or barrier is a losing big. In the modified pointing master, or the benefit of your own.
In addition, pay attention to learning verbs, especially the use of verb phrases. Construction of English sentences with the verb as main