[source: the Taiqi MBA]
The characteristics and Countermeasures of the course of mathematics review
Sum up a word from the examinee: mathematics may be the world. In the process of review, to review to review the characteristics of different courses. The early part of the knowledge point number (mainly is less absolute value, inequalities and equations, series,), simple in concept (mostly learned in high school), skills (also a problem which can be used to analyze many ways), strong types transform (the same knowledge can derive a lot of questions), so this part of the test is easy to lose, the time to do some careful. The annual examination are often not the most difficult part of the weakest point such as calculus, elementary mathematics part but the weakest point, slightly inattentive will be less about a condition. The initial review strategies number part is grasps key, also is to grasp the compulsory kinds of questions (such as absolute value, inequalities and equations, series every year compulsory), and then fan out from point to area, other times review of key parts (such as the binomial theorem, ratio and proportion). In peacetime do this part of the exercise, we must open their own ideas, must not just by the traditional method of solving. For example, one question is this: by line well depth, the rope break to seventy percent off, well outside the residual rope
4 feet, the rope break in sixty percent off, more than 1 wells rope
Rules, for the well depth? Many students do in this problem, one up on set two unknown variables, equations, and then took a long time to get the answer out. In fact, you think about it, when the volume of seventy percent off wells, the equivalent of more than 3 x 4 = rope
12 feet, when the volume of sixty percent off wells, the equivalent of more than 4 x 1 = 4 feet of rope, then mental arithmetic out of the well depth is 12 - 4 = 8
Ruler. The initial number similar questions a lot, have a common Party B two people around the runway the opposite way encounter chase and question and so on. Through this simple example, everyone in the beginning of number, must be "flexible", through the test surface find equivalent relationship.
A lot of calculus this part of knowledge points, accounting for more than 1/3, the whole point of the abstract concept of mathematical knowledge, need very strong ability of abstract thinking, reverse thinking and weight (especially in the necessity and sufficiency of the extremum), skills of strong, questions change unpredictably, is the most difficult to learn the number of points, so easy. Suggest you all in this part of the review, do some sufficient judgment topic, because must train their reverse thinking, the only way to analyze the problem when in the limited time to do do a job with skill and ease. A point is to pay attention to the relationship between calculus knowledge point, between continuous, differentiable, differential relationship for example, and the stagnation point, extreme point, the relationship between the value point. About calculus review, can revise for direction I summed up by a few words, this is the:
The limit is the basis for (is the foundation of establishing continuous, derivative)
Continuous lines (contact the derivative and integral)
The derivative is the key (the concept of compulsory, the application of derivative test calculation)
Integral test (generalized integral calculation convergence, convicted of definite integrals for the area)
Linear algebra this course knowledge coherent (all the knowledge points are the centers around the concept of vector correlation), easy to understand (because these concepts can be explained through a simple example), skills (no matter how bad questions, methods are fixed), the types are the core (we can each knowledge some questions form are summarized, toss about so several questions), so relatively easy to score. According to the characteristics of linear algebra, we can prepare the review: firstly the knowledge of linear algebra point of order, can refer to the following column block diagram (omitted here):
Linear algebra see arranged in a crisscross pattern from the content, closely linked to before and after, interlocking, mutual penetration, so the problem solving method is flexible and changeable, the review should constantly summed up, trying to figure out the inner link, make the knowledge mastery, interface and the breakthrough point more, familiar with the ideas of nature, broaden. For example: Design
A is m * n matrix, B is n * s matrix, and AB = 0, then by the column vector of block matrix shows that B are homogeneous equations Ax = 0
The solution, according to the theory of basic system of solutions and the relationship between the rank of matrix and vector group rank, can have R (B) = N-R (A) r (A) + R (B) = n and matrix A or B
Some of the parameters. As another example, we know that for n order determinant: if A = 0, Ax = 0 will have non-zero solution, and Ax = B has no unique solution (possibly infinitely many solutions, also may have no solution
), and when A = 0, Ax = B for available Clem rules the only solution; for the n n dimension vector alpha 1, alpha 2,... Alpha n can use the determinant of A
Numerical value to zero A = ~ alpha 1 alpha 2... Alpha n, to determine the linear dependence of vector group; rank r matrix A (A) is used in the definition of the highest order number A non null sub type, if R (A) <
R, A in all 0 sub type of order r
. All in all, it is because there is a connection between linear algebra have all kinds of connections with the knowledge, comprehensive and flexible algebra is larger, oriented series, cohesion and conversion to summarize everyone. It should be clear formula, theorem, not the wrong person, should also pay attention to the logic and language of the narrative expression should be accurate, concise.
Finally, attention should be paid to several concepts such as matrix operations, matrix inverse, transpose, accompanied by, these relations generally appear in the calculation of the matrix equation.
