&amp;nbsp; a remedial class [source: the Taiqi MBA]
A, on remedial classes
Why to attend remedial classes?
As a graduate of the upsurge of derivatives, prep course has attracted a lot of attention, attitude is mixed. But the research and the general comparison, MBA prep classes but is particularly important. This is because:
In the MBA entrance exam candidates have at least 3 years of work, knowledge has forgotten a lot of, or obsolete. Most candidates are in-service proforma, no time for adequate review system, take classes is a necessary means to rapidly improve test ability; preparation of candidates, a lot of people is the student management of non professional, take classes, in experienced under the guidance of teachers can be quickly disabuse.
How to choose the remedial classes?
The remedial class choice is very important, but due to the current social remedial class number, dragons and fishes jumbled together, if the test friend carelessly a bit improper selection, not only caused financial losses, but also affect the normal pro forma review. How to choose the remedial classes give a bit of advice:
Faculty: subject tutoring class is the teacher, a high level of teacher can make the students quickly disabuse explain profound theories in simple language to explain the basics; from different point of view of developing students thinking questions, help students successfully completed the preparation of life.
Curriculum: have a good teacher, also must have the reasonable course arrangement system. Candidates based and test preparation time is differ in thousands of ways, one of the performance characteristics for different students curriculum is also responsible for the student.
The experience of running a school: as a senior prep courses, it is the precious wealth of experience of the students. Years of accumulation of powerful learning database, accurately grasp the trend of the MBA entrance exam and the understanding of the school enrollment situation, is of great significance to the examinee admitted to the satisfaction of the school.
Management level: learning a remedial classes for students of management is also critical. Classes have the obligation to create a positive atmosphere for students active learning exchanges, like the Taiqi organization advocating learning group can make students learn better and encourage each other.
Word of mouth: the current situation is advertising exist everywhere, all kinds of commitment is also found in the ear, listen to the previous years elder sister's experience, to choose a suitable remedial classes is greater guiding significance.
How to play the role of remedial classes?
Choose the remedial class is the first step of the candidates, the current MBA prep courses everywhere, making many people not know what course to take. But a standard reference is important for teachers and management service level. First of all, the examinee should clear this concept: the remedial class is not a panacea, it is only the external auxiliary conditions, will never replace their own efforts; then the pro forma period pay attention to do the following:
Prepare in advance. Before attending classes, better able to complete a comprehensive review, especially in mathematics and management, so as to have a definite object in view, with the problem, in order to achieve the best class effect. Every time before class, before the lesson best also can make the class.
Not easy to miss a class, listen carefully, take notes. Tutoring class curriculum arrangement is very compact, each class of a great amount of knowledge, it is difficult to make up for the absence from school after. Try to keep up with the class schedule, do not know where should also take notes, after-school or re thinking or ask the teacher, the students.
Make notes, periodic review. Note the consolidation is never again, but according to the teacher's lecture context, make the knowledge structure; analysis of problem-solving ideas the teacher's experience, the solving methods of finishing well the typical and difficult problems; to do further thinking.
The combination of materials, good practice. This is a very important one annulus, can help you further understand the concept and improve the practical ability.
How to give the MBA exam English auxiliary class
As everyone knows, MBA entrance exam subjects in English is a lion in the way. It not only requires us to have back Gong, also requires us to have enough patience to do routine training. Therefore, the examinee general multi choice English foundation, strengthening the remedial classes, one is through lectures can urge their own learning, forced training; two are some candidates feel weak, poor foundation, hope to prepare, to improve English level; three is also part of the candidates for the follow the trend of psychological, others are on the remedial class, if you no, always don't feel reassured.
Although the remedial class examinee attitude is different, but the goal is the same: pass the exam. In order to achieve this goal, nature and the function we first need to understand tutorial classes. Different from the conventional English teaching, it is an intensive training: time is short, information content is big, strong pertinence. Through the upper classes, the examinee can clear sites compared with previous years the big change: desalinate grammar, strengthen the reading and writing. At the same time, tutor also according to the current characteristics, effective prominent emphasis, training method for review and strong and skills.
Since the focus of remedial classes in intensive training, then requests the examinee to do well prepared before class, so as to give full play to the role of the lecture.
First, reserves a certain amount of vocabulary. The amount of candidates before class should be familiar with them. This is a good relationship between the effect of remedial class whether or not an important factor in this, or listened to recite words, not only can not keep up the progress of the teacher, will also affect your confidence. Of course this thousands of words before class does not necessarily require all will recognize will write,