1 of the candidates to fill volunteer to take online reporting methods, the examinee must be within the specified time to log onto Beijing Education Examination Yuan website volunteer, www.jeea.cn/ or gk.bbn.com.cn/. At the same time provide telephone reporting methods, candidates can call through the voice telephone 1606790 volunteer volunteer or query.
2 of the candidates to fill volunteer, should be strictly in accordance with the "2006 national ordinary higher school to fill in information in Beijing" directory of professional students.
3 of the candidates to fill volunteer when, should draw up a volunteer table, includes the examinee examinee number and code to fill in Colleges and professional name, code and name, to ensure that accurate and filling process of volunteer smoothly.
The 4 candidates in the online registration stage to set the password as the initial password of the online volunteer. Before the first volunteer will open system for candidates to modify the password, the examinee must modify the password to make voluntary reporting, candidates need to bear in mind that the revised code, the first voluntary reporting, second voluntary reporting and each batch of volunteers make a report after the by this password. If the examinee the forgot password, should be in the system open date to carry my identity card to the registration units registration application password recovery.
5 in the first voluntary reporting of acquisition candidates at the same time characteristic, the main content of the examinee characteristics for the care of the object, have the relevant characteristics of the candidates must first fill in. Candidates must register unit to provide relevant certification materials shall be effective to select the appropriate option in the.
The voluntary and art vocational 6 first fill in advance group, a group of undergraduate, undergraduate two batch, three group of undergraduate admission colleges volunteer, early admission to institutions optional volunteer reported two schools, the first, second batch, third batch in the batch admission colleges within the selected three voluntary schools, art vocational optional volunteer reported two schools, each school optional five professional volunteer.
7 second times to fill in college admission batch optional volunteer, volunteer reported four schools, each school optional five professional volunteer.
8 this year to continue to implement the unfinished plan released batch re solicitation volunteer re admission way. At the end of a group of undergraduate admission formal volunteering, undergraduate two, three undergraduate and specialist batch after batch, such as the high school program was not completed, will be released below plan, re for the examinee to volunteer again for admission.
During each batch of volunteers make a report after the batch, reach the corresponding admission control scores and not the admission of candidates may make a report after the corresponding batch did not complete the enrollment plan of colleges and professional volunteers. During the admission of all batches of unfinished planning institutions and professional information please refer to the Beijing Education Examination Yuan website or media.
Each batch of undergraduate volunteers make a report after the optional volunteer reported three schools, each school optional three professional volunteer. Specialized subject batch volunteers make a report after the optional volunteer reported four schools, each school optional three professional volunteer.
Volunteer owed in the admission in accordance with the "priority points, from high to low in order to volunteer," a one-time school enrollment Toudang admission, enrollment by school review.
9 telephone reporting must use Beijing city fixed telephone operation, and make sure to use the audio call.
10 volunteers to fill the schedule
In May 9th May 12th 8:00 - 8:00
The system is opened for candidates to modify the password
In May 12th May 17th 8:00 - 18:00
The first choice to fill
In July 31st August 2nd 8:00 - 18:00
The second volunteers
It is expected that in July 14th (published by the admission period shall prevail)
A group of undergraduate volunteers make a report after the
It is expected that in July 21st (published by the admission period shall prevail)
Undergraduate volunteers make a report after the two batch
It is expected that in July 27th (published by the admission period shall prevail)
Undergraduate volunteers make a report after the three batch
It is expected that in August 7th (published by the admission period shall prevail)
Volunteers make a report after the specialized subject batch
Online volunteer steps
Through the browser to log on to www.bjeea.cn/, click on the "online registration", then click "in Beijing city in 2006 the ordinary higher school recruit students online volunteer fill" into the system, or directly into the system login gk.bbn.com.cn/;
Click the "change password" to change your password;
Click the "submit voluntary information", input candidate number, password and verification code, click "OK" to login into the voluntary reporting page;
About the candidates to fill the examinee characteristics;
Completing the voluntary institutions and professional volunteer, input 3 bit code in colleges universities box, enter the 2 professional code in professional box (input code will be displayed after the corresponding institutions name and professional name), and select the report whether or not to obey the professional adjust and willing to attend a day school;
Click "submit" to complete the voluntary reporting.
Voice telephone reporting process
Editor: Su Lin
