With the development of rural compulsory education teachers to solve the problem of arrears of wages, free compulsory education in rural areas began to implement, the quantity and quality of teachers, especially due to the disparity of income, condition difference caused by the outflow of long-standing rural excellent teachers, rural teachers job vacancy problem following the education fees and then become the focus of attention.
Citizen managed teachers have a heavy load
The founding of the early, due to China's national education forces the serious shortage and not to promote private education, rural teacher shortage problem has existed. In order to supplement the teacher resources, the beginning of the 50's, we use not included in the national official public teacher preparation of teaching staff -- private teacher employment system. They just appear in the early 50's of middle and primary schools of our country all the time in public schools, not known as the "private school teachers", some people use the term "teach farmers, farming teacher" to describe them. They become that time rural universal primary school education added mainly in the form of lack of teaching staff. With the exception of a few in the countryside junior middle school teacher, most of them concentrated in rural primary school. Generally have a junior high school education. The treatment, in addition to enjoy the same labor seat workpoint reward, the other by the state issued monthly cash subsidies, the so-called "credits and subsidies". Since the end of 70, the number of teachers has reached 4910000. It is these not fully enjoy the treatment of teachers teachers shoulder the burden of rural education the most difficult, for our rural education made distinctions won in battle.
"Education Law" in the provisions of the "teachers to equal pay for equal work", but the teachers in private and public teachers in all aspects of the level of wages, social status and social welfare are quite different; also have great distance in the knowledge level and teaching ability, etc.. With the development of China's socialist cause, economic conditions gradually improved, after the formal training of teachers development, in 1979 October, the State Council decided to 136 across the border county of more than 8 primary and secondary school teachers in private to public teachers, opened a prelude to the private party and the government to properly solve the problem of teachers. The Third Plenary Session of the eleven to 1990, the relevant ministries and commissions under the State Council and the people's government at all levels to take active measures, through rectification teachers, normal school to recruit teachers in private, "people to public" form, make the teacher of run by the local people is reduced from 4910000 in 1977 to 2800000 in 1990, the construction of teachers' team has achieved remarkable results. Until 2000, by "off, turn, move, speech, refund" policy, teacher of run by the local people gradually withdraw from the stage of history, the problem of teacher of run by the local people to draw to an end.
Current situation of rural teachers in China is not optimistic
Since the "fifteen plan", with the development of education, positive progress has been made in the construction of the contingent of teachers in primary and middle schools in china. In 2005, national ordinary primary and secondary school full-time teachers to reach more than one thousand people, including about 9000000 full-time teachers of primary school and junior high school. Most primary school teachers in the rural junior middle school teachers in rural areas, half. Teacher qualifications compliance rate increased rapidly. Governments at all levels in order to improve the status of primary and secondary school teachers treatment, to solve the problem of teachers wage protection, stable backbone team has made unremitting efforts. However, teachers in rural compulsory education stage weak problem has still not been fundamentally resolved. The Ministry of education of normal Secretary Guan Peijun introduced the current teacher education in China: "teacher education work China cannot be done not have, the innovation of teacher education a new step forward. But also face new challenges. In the overall pattern of the development of education reform in our country, the reform and development of teacher education is lagging behind. Many factors restrict teachers training the overall quality of the teachers and improve the quality of. Teacher education in general still can not meet the need of education reform development reality, can not meet the teachers especially the urgent request of the construction of rural teachers."
Data shows, in fact, the present rural teachers still exist such a problem:
One, the imbalanced allocation of teacher resource, the more prominent structural contradictions. Regional and urban-rural uneven distribution, city employment and rural parts of faculty shortage coexist; subject distribution is not balanced: language, rural primary and secondary school information technology, music, sports, fine arts teacher shortage. Substitute staff larger number. According to statistics, in 2004 there were 499000 substitute staff, mainly in rural primary school. 75.9% distribution in rural West Central Primary School. A large number of substitute staff presence, seriously affected the rural education level.
Two, the rural teachers to improve the overall quality of the difficulties, to further improve the. From the academic level of view, in 2004 the national 310000 primary school, junior middle school teachers still have not reached the statutory qualifications. In 2005 the national primary school with specialist qualifications of teachers, city, county town of 67.17%, 78.01% and 47.49% in the rural areas, rural 31 percentage points lower than the city; national junior high school teachers with bachelor degree or above, 62.44% City, county town of 34.5%, 24.34% rural, rural about 38 percentage points lower than the city. Age structure, the rural primary school young teachers less. City, county, town, rural primary school teachers under 35 years of age accounted for 57.83%, 51.44% and 41.02%.
Multi channel reasonable allocation of teacher resources
Today, private teacher fade, our rural teachers in where?
"How to solve the rural teachers' insufficient number, low quality problems, long-term since the country had made great efforts. "Teachers Law", "Compulsory Education Law" and other relevant legal provisions on the protection of rural primary and secondary school teachers salary made clear. The State Council and local governments at all levels should adopt measures, for rural
