News background: Henan Province kindergarten happened arson 3 children died
From Henan Province, Gongyi municipal Party committee said, 8 days 9 when make, one room is located in the city of Gongyi Heluo Zhen Shi Guan Cun a kindergarten happened arson, is class of 2 children aged 5 years and died on the spot, the other 1 children died in the rescue process, 14 people were injured, including 1 teachers, 13 children, injured children in some of them seriously. At present, the injured have been rushed to a nearby hospital, kindergarten has closed.
According to the latest news, Gongyi City, Henan province manufacturing Heluo Zhen Shi Guan Cun kindergarten arson suspects have been arrested by the police. In May 8th the arson caused 3 children died, 13 children and 1 teachers were injured. We mourn the fragility of life, angry perpetrators disregard for life. But we should think more -- if where exactly does not find the problem, those of US adults will be not the sudden death of small life explained.
In our memory, also is the Henan Gongyi City, in August 27, 2003, a rural kindergarten walls collapsed, killing 7 children died, 3 children and 1 teachers were injured.
At a distance of not too long a time, in a place of rural kindergarten children accident occurred two events, we would prefer to see it as a chance and coincidence. However, this kind of chance and coincidence, which Is it right? Also contains some inevitable?
In May 8th, the kindergarten at the scene of the crime, the Xinhua News Agency reporter discovery, the kindergarten school piled up in a large number of timber. Local villagers said, usually someone moving in the kindergarten in the hospital or wood processing, staff and lack of supervision. The aggrieved parents of young children and the police are pointed out, the existence of loopholes in safety management of kindergarten, is one of the causes for the arson happened.
(Xinhua News Agency reported yesterday) along with the development of various undertakings in rural areas, children's education is not as people used to believe that only by city people paying attention to, in the countryside also exist as a majority of the preschool education market. In a classroom that kindergarten happened in 19 children in class, is the proof.
Moreover, with the talent competition, the rural people more aware of "knowledge can change the destiny" important ", deep understanding of education grab from baby" urgent. Although the state has only the compulsory nine year compulsory education as, but conditional on the farmers, early childhood education has long been included on the child's lifelong education system.
On the one hand, the development of preschool education market looking for farmers, on the other hand, early childhood education is a kind of non compulsory education, social forces organized kindergarten has become the main force, especially in rural areas, almost no government sponsored kindergarten. The national Ministry of education, Ministry of health, the Ministry of construction and other departments to formulate many regulations and documents, made specific provisions for specification, design of kindergarten building facilities, personnel qualification, safety, hygiene and health care, but the economy is relatively backward rural areas, many kindergarten condition does not conform to the requirements of the national (kindergarten is a crime illegal private kindergarten), but because of the cheap and convenient, farmers will "trip" to send their children to go in.
This is undoubtedly the government supervision of the problem, because of the limited human and financial resources, many local education departments to solve the compulsory education of nine years of difficult problems, the basic no time for preschool education, not like the management of city of rural kindergarten kindergarten that given enough attention, in many places, rural kindergarten (not just the safety issues) the emergence of superintend "vacuum".
The effective supervision of the rural kindergarten, first of all to the preschool education into the national education system. Thus, to ensure the development of preschool education, is not only the responsibility of the parents, is a more important responsibilities of all levels of the Department of education, kindergarten held and staff. In the countryside, from the hardware construction, teachers to the daily management, despite maintaining that doesn't like the city kindergarten at very high levels, but at least the conditions should have, at least ensure the life and health of children should not be infringed. Clear responsibilities, the government will invest a certain amount of manpower and material resources to carry out operational guidance and safety supervision of this industry, cannot allow the free development, emerge of itself and perish of itself; once the occurrence of major accidents, we must hold relevant personnel especially government staff dereliction of duty.
As a system engineering, the education system of course should include early childhood education.
When the city kids logical to accept pre-school education, children in rural areas also have the same desire. Narrowing the gap between urban and rural, realizing fair education, preschool education can not be ignored. At present, the "new countryside construction" is to promote the healthy development of rural preschool education, whether as a content and index of them?
Editor: Su Lin