1, cherish the only 4 years Study hard professional, do not say what exercise capacity, the development of quality education, the university after you have found the only junior high school, high school with what you are up to! Abilities are based on knowledge! University is not "homophonic by four years of fun"!
2, to talk about a love with vigour and vitality, let you can cross flow in such a materialistic society understand what is called pure! As to be out of school after to have such a clear and simple memories!
3, at least have the same hobby, it will let you have a cathartic play in the boring time!
4, less as far as possible, if you skip class, by 5000 a year in tuition to count, a class means that you have lost almost 4.16666 yuan (40 weeks a year, also have 200 days, a day is 6 day! A total of 1200 classes)!
5, should not the lack of college students due to the quality, get in the habit of some things, for anything to be sensible to treat, not moan and groan without being ill shouted all day long "corruption and decadence". Does not close your matter, you let him go!
6, understand the canteen aunts, their wages are not high, also blocks 5-600! They want to take point bonus, BOSS only from you point, do not carrying his bowl of sand Plain white rice shouting "bowl of sand miyet"! They age, menopausal woman easy to fall the hair, occasionally found in the dish, don't complain, that will be deducted from their bonus! 2 yuan rice dishes, what do you expect?
7, if the home is fairly rich, can wear NIKE, ADIDA, money is not wrong! But no money and no mistake! After all, at school wearing the poor, his heart is not natural! Recommended to wear some Semir FC, FEEL100%, Xtep is relatively cheap but also suitable for students sign! Best on a discount! Proposal to give up thinking about Anta, Li Ning, Khalil!
8, do not buy a mobile phone, first lies in the school you do so many things! The second is how China Mobile offers, how to let, it a month to earn a 6-70 from your body! You're just gonna eat a week canteen!
9, if has the computer, do not use it to see dish, play games, chat; learn graphic design, programming, operating systems and other practical things, that absolutely useful to you later! There are configuration does not need P43.0, RAM512. There is a C1.7, RAM256 will be enough for you, the pursuit of fashion, you do not have the qualifications!
10, remember not to participate in the student association cadre election, he will encourage you to advance the bureaucracy!
11, do not think that is a relief to leave the house, also do not think that you don't want to, and home don't want you, you should know. Speaking to your parents, there are tens of thousands of college students, and only one son! From time to time to report a safe home, a greeting on it!
12, if the love, don't drink or smoke to vent their! Physical injury you can barely say their indifferent, but, the alcohol and tobacco money parents a day's wages!
13, China culture and history can make your mirror! University graduated, don't even say "a dream of Red Mansions" what all don't know! Read more books, makes you believe that there is the presence of the spirit, Chinese lack faith already own shame, don't get yourself like a body without a soul!
14, don't look down on migrant workers. The society is changing, we should rationally look at the problem from a historical perspective! They have their own difficulties! And the wrong is not them! Don't all shouting Anti Japanese, should understand their own history, a own history do not understand people who are not qualified to talk against others nationalities! Then again, what we can do is to boycott Japanese goods, let it lose 6-7 into the market!