On the eve of the annual college entrance examinations are students and parents headache days, experts responsible for long-term enrollment advice, the best students can fill in provincial colleges bold, avoid each other universities in the province.
Experts suggest, the examinee to understand their performance in the whole school level, look for the main school. At the same time we must collect comprehensive information to apply for school in enter oneself for an examination before, including previous admission, enrollment plan, campus conditions are compared. Enter oneself for an examination of each volunteer to open a reasonable gradient, if the first volunteer is not recorded, second volunteer must be reported to have the opportunity to enter the school archives. Candidates can refer to the situation in previous years, if the number of on-line more than the number of programs of the school, there is no need to report. Some schools have fractional differential, enter oneself for an examination before must check.
In the past most candidates registered for this province high school, causing simple lift province college fractional line, while in previous years, the admission process and often appear some insufficiency in the field school first volunteer students. Experts suggested that the high level of outstanding college students should apply for the field. Just want to read where they can become, not with each other in Guangdong, Guangzhou, to the field more independence and ability to train students.
In addition, the examinee must also consider their own economic situation and the school expense. If there is no economic ability and don't want to rely on to help credit on the University, some charges are high school and professional don't enter oneself for an examination. In previous years, some students report later found the school and their own imagination is not the same, then abandon rereading, wasted a year. Candidates should be in the comprehensive information before collecting the enter oneself for an examination the school, not going to school is not filled.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;
