The skilled down the phone number of the person you are living, working in a survial skill in English speaking countries is necessary, so the IELTS examination of the test, the examinee must master. Statistics show that: V18, V22, V24, V26, V33, V36, V38, V39, V41 version in a different way to test the phone scene appears. In this scenario, the main form of examination is to fill in the blanks, requested that the correct listen and write the telephone number. Now combine the examination questions in details about their examination skills.
Basic training (1). The phone number is composed of 0~9 of these ten numbers, so you must be on the ten digital read the law very familiar. Many listening textbook provides a digital training tapes, you find a suitable own practice can. When the training to a certain extent, recommended the "automatic speaking" type training, namely oneself quickly, unconsciously say some numbers, said, remember, in order to training on the digital sensitive ability, this is the most critical step.
(2) "0" in English has many representation methods, such as zero, nought, null, nil, nothing and so on, should pay attention to is: British English and English have different USA read in the law, in the test of TOEFL, "0" is often pronounced "zero", but in the test of IELTS "0" is usually pronounced "nought" (V35 section 4); while in the phone number "0" is read as the letter "Oh", as in the word "go" in pronunciation.
Read the phone number (3) the general rule is: the country code, area code and the specific numbers separated to read, such as China Beijing of a phone call to read as 86, 1087654321, for a particular area of the phone, generally only 7 or 8. The 7 numbers, when read before a group of three together, after a group of four together, there was a pause between, for example, 6254598 is read as six two five, four five nine eight; a 8 bit number, can a group of four to read, the candidates can see some typical examples later in this section.
(4) the same two numbers or three identical digital can use double or triple instead, such as 2246555 can be read as double two four, six triple five.
(5) appears at the end of three to zero, can press the "thousands" of pronunciation, such as the 9796000 nine seven nine six thousand read
(6) fortunately, writes IELTS no described above is so complex, such as the V33 section 1 Landlady s telephone number 'request to fill in 889745, only 6 digits, as long as the examinee has mastered the "double eight" there is no problem, but in the new title V39 section 1 requirements required to fill out the extension number 3176, only 4 digits.
(7) in the test of IELTS, more than 5 digit telephone number in general will repeat that, and a brief pause between packets also provides a time to think. Candidates only after a certain amount of training, and then note the contents of this section, the phone number of the problem would be solved.
(source: worry free IELTS community)
