The competition in the college entrance examination was considered not only is the examinee's competition, has been regarded as among regions, the school and the school and the local competition, but this year Liuzhou depart from one's normal behavior, and a plurality of region combination preparation, caused great repercussions, and candidates may benefit from.
Away from the entrance there is a month, May 8th, the Education Bureau of Liuzhou City Education Science Institute, the United Guilin city of Hechi Educational Science Institute, for the last time before the college entrance examination unified test for students, to help students foster strengths and circumvent weaknesses, successfully for the examination. As we have learned, this
Is this year the city implemented for university entrance examination since third time of deepening reform, unified test and other region joint preparation, the candidates for the. The previous two respectively is: in January this year with the Yulin city cooperation; in mid March, and Yulin, Nanning union proposition. By further understanding between 3 city candidates short, long, on different levels of review of candidates, the pro forma adjustment was made. To see the effect, in May 7th, 8 days, and Guilin, Hechi to join hands in proposition, inspects the examinee preparation conditions.
Such a pro forma way, for the first time a break with the past "closed around the pro forma," independent proposition, no leakage of the traditional way of information. The Education Bureau of Liuzhou City Education Science Institute and taught the Department Director Tan Fangque is introduced, one of which is the preparation for college entrance examination method to start exploring the city education department. Because in recent years throughout the Department in charge of education will be the preparation for college entrance examination work, one of the most important measures as "action" for the candidates, by careful preparation before the exam preparation, help more candidates achieve ideal university. But after the various parts is "close the door, revealing the proforma" pro forma information, lost the competition. But the drawbacks are obviously. Only to find the problem and test after the summary, as cross regional joint preparation, through the unified test candidates for the understanding, the examinee level, timely adjust the preparation strategies, learn from each other.
Tan Fangque said, the practice proved that, this way to go can improve the examinee examination ability, reduce errors. In the sports college entrance examination has been completed in full, because the pro forma, compared with last year, significantly reduced the phenomenon of stage fright rural students exam; common the university entrance exam candidates, also in a unified, unified test paperless marking found problems, after reminding, correct, man-made phenomenon continue to reduce the lost points.
Such cross United pro forma way, also get area and accompanied by praise, think more can improve comprehensive ability, the candidates better maximize the examinee level.
Editor: Su Lin
