On the employment of university students, the recent very out some new things, such as the Guangzhou traffic control department to recruit traffic wardens, candidates gathered, of which there are a lot of highly educated people, and "College Students' nanny" topic, more is to raise a Babel of criticism of. Recently, when university students security news, and trigger a new round of debate.
For college students, the security of this so-called "highly educated low employment" phenomenon, there is a representative view is "a waste of resources", because these "God's favored one" in the face of the pressure of competition, to reduce their employment threshold, begin to choose some low levels of social occupation, and the cultivation of high educated people need a large number of investment the state, society and family, when security guards to make these resources devoted "boondoggle"......
According to this view, first of all to make it clear why college students cannot when security guards? Who put these occupation such as security is defined as the "low level of social occupation"?
Unfortunately, the recognized security is "low level occupation" concept is likely to be the mainstream opinion of the society. This is very normal, college students do not once called "decent work", but in the security service industry, the focus tends to be the concern of the society. We have no intention to pose as a person of high morals to denounce this idea, but whether we ought to be the reflection of our society is the lack of mutual respect enough? From ancient times to the present accumulated through years of occupation, the crowd to "strictly divided into various grades and ranks" concept, is now changed, still ingrained?
In the big background of the national education under the overall rapid increase, our employment capacity is not synchronized growth, this is an objective fact. Then, with a large number of highly educated persons even if only into these people inherent in the concept of "low level in the field of occupation" in order to bring home the bacon, I believe we will slowly change inherent in the concept of ideal realm, "eventually to we have described work without distinction or distinction" approach.
This is the most important students engaged in security and other "low level occupation".
Editor: Su Lin