[source: Beijing test newspaper]
With China's cartoon animation, game enthusiasts growing team, cartoon animation, game market receives more and more attention of the society huge. By some estimates, the domestic animation comic game market contains every year nearly 1000000000 yuan huge commercial space. However, the related cartoon animation talent is a serious lack of school culture, and more is the primary workers, are in great need of original design personnel of high level, high talent to occur the phenomenon of animation industry. On the other hand, South Korea comic foray into China, occupied the market, not only the television is the Japanese cartoon, the students hands is Japanese animation comic books, even all the game also has a considerable part from Japan, South korea.
This phenomenon, the relevant central leadership emphasis on animation cartoon industry development, must vigorously support the development of China's animation comic game national original products, cultivation of talents to expand the animation comic game. Beijing City, the relevant departments have also made clear, will be related to the professional colleges and universities represented by Beijing Film Academy's support vigorously, build Beijing into a base to cultivate national original animation comic game talent. The reporter understands, the relevant industry in China developed rapidly in recent years, part of the folk capital also began to enter the animation industry, has injected new vitality for the development of the industry, demand for talent is also expanding rapidly.
Dry animation income than flying
Sun Lijun Dean of Animation School of Beijing Film Academy said, the animation cartoon game industry needs talent from the main animation graduates. Generalized animation professionals including animation, games, comics, animation design, professional direction mainly, game animation, animation, animation, network.
Animation industry position, the middle, the original painting, painting color, shape, screenwriter, director, storyboard, in accordance with the order of the more back to the more advanced, the practitioners of the professional requirements of increasingly high, income nature also gradually rise. Low level post practitioners can is a professional animation low-end graduates, but also by the fine arts class specialized or professional computer transfer, but the high level talents of animation industry basically related professional graduates, after practice tests gradually increase, will it be possible to meet the relevant requirements. The lowest color painting, middle position because of the low starting point, a monthly income of only 2000 yuan, and the development of other jobs to a monthly salary of up to 10 thousand yuan, director of the highest level of income of up to 30000 months, can be comparable to the income of civil aviation pilots.
Universities to set up the animation professional
In 2005 March, the Ministry of education in the newly released this year's college professional setting directory, approved 26 universities set up the animation specialty, so far the country has nearly 200 colleges and universities set up the animation specialty.
Why universities to set up the animation specialty? College entrance examination in art class specialized hot to attract a large number of art kind examinee, and animation professional painting level requirements relative candidates is slightly lower than the pure fine arts specialty, so more and more heat to enter oneself for an examination. The examinee's growth, driven by the colleges and universities have set such a professional. Professional animation set the starting point is low, investment is little, have also become an important reason why many universities to mount a horse.
At present, Beijing city has Beijing Film Academy, Communication University of China, China Central Academy of Fine Arts and other colleges and universities have set up such a professional, this year also added to Beijing Institute Of Fashion Technology, Academy of Chinese Traditional Opera, only last year the country will have to recruit animation related majors in 40 universities in beijing. And the last century, the domestic university only Beijing Film Academy set up animation professional. Before and after 2000, with the rapid development of the domestic cartoon industry, some colleges and universities began to set up a professional animation, then universities have set up the relevant professional, the number of enrollment rapidly enlarged, some universities even recruit every year thousands of students who majored in animation, the emergence of hundreds of people at the same time courses of art "spectacle".
The expert expresses, the public class and the basic course of professional animation can be class high class professional courses, but because of the characteristics of the subject, only small classes. According to the analysis, the reason why is there such a scene, mainly domestic animation professional teachers are relatively limited in some colleges and universities, regardless of the actual conditions of the blind enrollment, teaching nature also make do with whatever is available.
The number of graduates peak
With the scale of enrollment growth, the number of animation graduates is also increasing year by year, and will enter the peak in the next few years. In 2004, graduates of domestic animation only a few hundred people, estimated in 2005 will reach about 1500 people, college graduates in 2006 there will be thousands of people, in 2007 graduates will be more than a million people.
On the one hand the industry on the development of animation industry is very optimistic, hand worried if the industry has not obtained the rapid development, will be facing employment bottlenecks caused a large number of graduates after a few years, and then influence the development of animation industry. Sun Lijun said, at present, the domestic animation industry capital input and output channels there are certain questions. If these problems can be solved quickly, animation industry into the benign development, digestion and absorption of the employment of graduates should be no problem. Department of Beijing Huijia Vocational College animation Yang Xinli teacher said, after a few years will likely appear employment bottleneck, the rapid development of solutions can only hope that industry. In this regard, enter oneself for an examination the animation professional candidates must be prepared.
College Admissions Guide
According to introducing, animation professional courses are animated introduction to animation, animation movement regulation, modeling design, scene design, action design, animation script writing, master studies etc..
Register for examination of professional animation, the first choice is Beijing
