Last year, Nanjing's "two class" in the senior high school entrance examination in middle school will end, manages the city announced the school Toudang line, have been competing to fail the exam, but the general is "just do not say". But this year, with the decrease in the number of students, students of the increasingly fierce competition, some of the school put forward clearly in the enrollment propaganda in the first volunteer recruit full cases, outstanding students may take the enrollment quotas for two volunteer, and free 30000 yuan zejiaofei. For this "to spend money to buy school students" practice, many parents said "little interest", some principal also have different views.
Parents are not as interested in the preferential policy
In May, Nanjing is the most concentrated high school enrolling publicity month. In the hot admissions consulting field, reporter noticed, some key middle school in addition to the traditional registration of candidates, the signing of the agreement, promise scholarships practices, "buy" students are placed in a table.
Baixia District in a key middle school of the preferential policy clearly wrote: over the years, a handful of the first volunteer to enter oneself for an examination the southern Normal University affiliated, Jinling middle school but was not admitted, senior high school entrance examination scores in the excellent candidates within 15 points of the Jinling middle school admission line, second voluntary reporting of the school, the school can be admitted from the enrollment plan, free school choice costs 30000 yuan and the experimental class. Another school did the same propaganda, just put the senior high school entrance examination scores provisions in Jinling middle line 20 points within the.
"This is to look at the situation of children, if can enter the southern Normal University affiliated and Jinling high school enrollment, of course, let the children into, is not 30000 yuan? If not into, then another said. " Interview, many parents have such idea. It seems, the parents to the school issued preferential policies do not have much interest in.
Have said that it was "Dutch act" policy
"In the first volunteer recruit full cases, with the enrollment quotas for two volunteer candidates, from students of the school choice fee, in fact, the school will use the money in. The choice fee but an important part of school funding, school can it?" A middle school in Gulou District of the principal of the school "to spend money to buy the students" practice worry.
Xuanwu District, a principal think, school do so only to recruit outstanding candidates very few, but also because of the enrollment policy "bottom", the first choice to fill the school candidates less, this for schools is likely to be a "Dutch act" policy.
The move is aimed at and prestigious schools students
Since the existence of the above concerns, school why Ming a propaganda of these preferential policies? An informed principal said, the school to do so, in fact, is not to be with the southern Normal University affiliated and Jinling high school competition, but the competition with them. Some South Normal University and Jinling high school grades labangsheng if score online 5 points within the, generally consider into the two school enrollment; score again low, will consider the branch into the school. Introduced preferential policies is to and prestigious schools students.
Editor: Su Lin
