Application of computer in various professional is very wide, but from the universities of professional settings, majoring in computer science and technology is a professional one of the most basic, is also a computer system mainly professional enrollment.
Professional setting wide aperture
In 1998 the Ministry of Education promulgated the new "ordinary college undergraduate professional directory", the original computer software, computer application two two level of discipline professional merged into "a major of computer science and technology". So now a lot of computer specialty in Colleges and universities are in accordance with the level of subject setting, the name is: Computer Science and technology.
The set up computer science and technology, the professional embodies the "thick foundation, wide caliber" principle. The students not only have a solid foundation, but also broaden the knowledge, has the good comprehensive quality. From the course says, students to master basic theory, the system of computer science and technology, the basic knowledge and basic skills and methods, it is necessary to learn computer hardware are also learning software, network technology, program design knowledge and skills.
University culture features
The same is the major of computer science and technology, but all the colleges and universities have a very different culture in the direction of the characteristic and advantage of research, the examinee must comprehensively consider the prestigious schools, teachers, research direction, Key Laboratory of condition in the choice of schools.
Department of computer science and technology Tsinghua University in 2002 in the overall level of national level academic assessment, four indexes in three national ranking first. To broaden the professional training of students face, stronger adaptability, the undergraduate enrollment according to the uniform diameter of computer science and technology and culture. Students in addition to study computer hardware, software, electronic circuit, such as information technology basic course of the professional foundation, also learning program design, data structure, composition principle of computer, computer operating system, compilation principle of computer, computer network and other professional courses. The experimental course, rich professional practice, graduation design of engineering training and practice teaching, the students have the ability to make undergraduate achieve high performance computer system, computer software and application system design. Over the years, Tsinghua computer system has attracted numerous Olympiad medalist outstanding examinee enter oneself for an examination.
Peking University computer science and technology belongs to the school of information science and technology. Peking University School of information science and technology now taken according to the method of college admissions, "cultivating compound talents thick foundation, wide caliber, high quality". Students after school, for professional shunt in the first end of the year. Students of different majors in addition to the completion of some required courses, there is a Dayu based on their own interest to take a variety of courses.
Beihang University College of computer based on computer science and engineering, and form a new generation of Internet collaborative work environment, the new generation of Internet architecture, parallel and network computing technology, virtual reality and multimedia technology, information security technology, e-commerce and e-government, massive information theory and method have advantages, etc. special subject research direction. Low grade (grade one or two) focus on strengthening the core of basic education, high grade (grade three or four) the implementation of wide caliber professional education, strengthen the cultivation of innovative consciousness and ability.
Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications College of computer science and technology in communication software features, the technology of the computer (software, hardware and network) combined with communication technology. In recent years, graduates are in high demand, 95% of the graduates by the famous domestic and foreign computer and communication company paid employment.
University of Science and Technology of China College of information science and technology by the Department of electronic engineering and information science, automation department, Department of computer science and technology, Department of Electronic Science and technology of four lines and the specialty of information security and Information Science Experimental Center composition. The calendar to execute by lines rather than by professional enrollment, freshmen class foundation stage after a period of study, according to the needs of the country and the division of professional expertise, interests of students. From the beginning of 1997, according to the school break admission way, according to the discipline group enrollment pilot in college, freshmen completed after class to choose the professional foundation.
Beijing University of Technology has set up the experimental class in the major of computer science and technology, to give special policy, the implementation of individual teaching plan and training program, with mentors and excellent teachers, to hire foreign teachers teaching, experiment and practice provides a good learning environment.
Reasonable expectations of employment
Over the years the graduates majoring in computer science and technology and social demand is bigger, the profession has also been known as the so-called "hot" professional, causes the student in the course of employment superiority strong, have "emperor daughter she need not worry" psychological. Some of the graduates employment expectation value is too high, non Beijing, Shanghai and other large city, not to non paying positions not. After several job fairs down, began to despair. After studying hard for more than ten years, the students hope that is natural to find a good job, but also should have a reasonable position, can't hold unrealistic fantasy.
Now, all the colleges opened computer professional graduates employment, the number jumped, there are some difficulties. But from the university graduates employment rate, the computer professional employment rate has been high, there is a great potential market demand of visible computer professionals. At present, the college students employment is only a superficial phenomenon, reason is the orientation of College Students' own do not adjust well. Now the junior students of the computer in the competition is very fierce, but senior talent has been
