700 protective lines did not cancel, but voluntary reporting of unreasonable is also very difficult to protect. At the same time, this year's college entrance examination enrollment rate will be lower than the previous two years. Yesterday (9 days), the provincial examination center responsible person interviewed by our reporter, solemnly to respond to the relevant media reports, and to remind the candidates to fill volunteer parents carefully.
The 520000 candidates taking 360000
The responsible person said, this year the province has 517000 students, enrollment plan for 360000, including undergraduate plan 148000, plan 180000 secondary vocational schools of Higher Vocational College, apply to participate in the "3+ courses skills certificate" examination enrollment plan 31000, the admission rate than the previous two years low.
According to some media reports yesterday "Guangdong this year will cancel 700 points to protect line" the news, the responsible person said, this statement is wrong. He explained, Guangdong this year for 700 points or more candidates, as in previous years, there are still policy protection, if the first choice did not admit to, province admissions files will still be cast to conform with the archives fraction line second volunteer college or subsequent voluntary institutions, colleges and universities according to the decision by the school enrollment rules whether admission the candidates -- these years do, this will do.
Voluntary reporting to have reasonable gradient
But if the candidates to fill volunteer only one or no gradient fill is not reasonable, and professional schools, such as the first choice of Beijing University, Fudan University third second volunteers, volunteer people, so there is no way to protect, because there is no operation space. So, even with the protection policy of 700 points, the candidates to fill volunteer must have reasonable gradient, we can protect the students as much as possible by colleges and universities enrollment. In addition to fill volunteer in Toudang fraction range, for example the candidates got only 780 points, but the return is admission line more than 800 points in the colleges and universities, so, provincial admission office can't protect the examinee, can not protect.
Taking the results of 6 hours available
Reportedly, this year, Guangdong will continue to implement the "sunshine college entrance examination", provincial admission office will be in the media published for the first time the batch first Toudang, let all the candidates in the first time to know their archives to vote for which university. At the same time, also in the media published for the first time cut about college fraction line. Each college admission results by the provincial admission office for examination and approval after 6 hours on the Internet for the examinee inquires.
