Marketing is an important means for the development of the company's business. How to launch new products and occupy the market, is critical to the formulation of the marketing strategy. Tanya Nichols is an ice cream manufacturing company boss, she is talking about a new flavors of ice cream and her marketing manager, Carla Hutchison marketing strategy.
Tanya: So, Carla, do you have a marketing plan for our new ice-cream sandwich?
Carla, do you have a marketing plan for our new ice-cream sandwich?
Carla: Yes I do. After going through our S.W.O.T. process, I think we're in good shape. One of our main strengths is the quality of our ice cream, and there's a good market opportunity for the novelty of a choice of flavors. Since our company already has a good image, I don't see many weaknesses. No other company sellsice-cream sandwiches with a choice of 5 flavors, so there's no threat to speak of, either.
Yes I have. Through SWOT analysis, I think our business is in good condition. One of our main strengths is the quality of our products, and innovative products that taste great business opportunities in the market. Since our company already has a good image, I don't think there are many unfavorable factors. No other company has 5 flavors of ice cream sandwiches, so there's no threat to us No.
Tanya: I assume we don't need to worry about creating a need, with summer almost here.
I think summer is coming, we don't need to worry about creating a need.
Carla: Right. As for the marketing mix, we'll package it in gold foil with dark brown lettering to simulate chocolate, and price it 20% higher than our chocolate-covered ice-cream bar. It'll be introduced in selected places across the country starting next month. The main promotion will be through advertising, using a "pull" strategy, of course. We haven't finalized our ads yet, so I'll have to let you know. Can we meet again the beginning of next week?
On. As for the marketing mix, we should use like chocolate brown letters of gold foil paper to wrap it, modeled on the chocolate, chocolate ice cream and pricing than your 20% us. Next month will be selectively put on the market in the country. The main promotion will be through advertising, of course, is using a "pull" strategy. We haven't finalized our ads, so I'll have to report you. We can come and see you again early next week?
Tanya: Sure can. Let me check... How about Tuesday morning at 10:30?
Certainly. Let me see. How about Tuesday morning at 10:30?
Okay with me. Carla: Uh, let's see...
Well, I have a look... That is fine with me.
(source: English at the beginning)
