&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Higher School Admissions Committee [Heilongjiang province]
According to the spirit of the Ministry of education "in 2006 the ordinary higher school recruit students work regulations" and the relevant documents, combined with the actual situation of our province, the enactment of this provision.
A, registration, ideological and political and moral assessment, physical health examination
1, in accordance with the following conditions of residence in the province of personnel, may register for:
(1) abide by the Constitution and the law of the people's Republic of china;
(2) senior secondary education school or those with equivalent educational level;
(3) health.
2, in the province of settled foreign nationals meet the above conditions, to the local public security organs issued "Alien Resident Certificate", can sign up.
3, the following persons shall not sign:
(1) high school education with higher academic qualifications of students;
(2) senior secondary education school non graduate students in the school;
(3) due to the violation of the criminal law have been relevant departments to take compulsory measures or are prisoners;
(4) the household registration, student does not meet the black strokes Wei Lian [2006]1 words "on the issuance of 'Heilongjiang Province ordinary higher school enrollment, enrollment examination examinee registration regulations' notice" document of the relevant provisions.
4, registration by the black Enrollment Office General recruit [2006]5 words "notice" do a good job in 2006 the ordinary higher school enrollment application document execution.
In 5, the examinee of electronic archives is the main basis to enroll students of institutions of higher learning. The examinee electronic files include the credit records of the examinee registration information, medical information, volunteer information, performance information and the candidates to participate in the college entrance examination (the brief facts and processing results of illegal violation in examination and other aspects).
6, the examinee enter oneself for an examination by the county (city, district) archives recruitment office is responsible for the establishment, including the examinee enter oneself for an examination registration form, physical examination, the university entrance exam, high school graduates archives, the candidates to participate in the college entrance examination integrity record, consistent with the care of the conditions for admission certificate and proof etc..
7, the ideological and political and moral assessment mainly inspects the examinee my real performance. The examinee in the school or unit (no work unit of the candidates by towns, street offices) to the examinee's political attitude, moral character as a comprehensive identification. For highly disciplinary action or legally received penalties for the candidates, to provide for the mistakes of fact, deal with the comments and I on the performance and correct the wrong understanding of error and other detailed materials, and be responsible for the authenticity.
8, any of the following circumstances, belonging to the ideological and political and moral assessment of failure:
(1) have opposed the four cardinal principles and the reform and open policy actions or in a cult organization;
(2) moral quality is bad, the education is still not repent.
All 9 candidates, apply for colleges and universities are required to attend the health examination, examination by the city (prefecture), county (city, district) recruitment office is responsible for the organization, coordination, the medical business work by the health department and medical hospital responsible for joint implementation, the physical examination standard by the Ministry of education, Ministry of health, Chinese Disabled Persons Federation jointly the "college entrance examination work guidance" file execution.
Medical Hospital (station) must be located in the two third grade hospitals or the corresponding medical unit, the main check doctor by the deputy director of the physician more titles as the physical examination conclusion doctors, medical institutions for non designated candidates made ineffective. Province to recruit Office designated the Second Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University for the college entrance examination the final examination of the relevant issues encountered in the hospital, around in the physical examination or the examination conclusion objection by the final inspection, final inspection to the hospital, and final inspection conclusion shall prevail.
Two, examination
10, our province ordinary high school entrance examination organized by the Admissions Committee is responsible for the province. Test implementation by the province in 2006 the ordinary higher school recruit committee "Heilongjiang province entrance examination examination work regulations" file execution.
11, high school uniform examination by the city (prefecture), county (city, district) for the couch, under test, test must be located in the people's governments at or above the county level where the.
12, college entrance examination questions, answer and score before being used for reference the most confidential matters, the relevant security according to the provisions of the State Department Bureau four document execution. Municipalities (administrative office), county (city, district) recruitment office shall strengthen the security infrastructure construction, improve the security rules and regulations, the establishment of emergency response mechanisms, on duty system and the first time reporting system. Such as the occurrence of loss (discharge) dense event, the first time the direct provincial recruitment office, the province to recruit office after receiving the report and the report province Bidding Committee and the Ministry of education, and to take immediate and effective measures to prevent the event, to further expand.
13, high school uniform examination, according to the unified regulations of the Ministry of education time. Examination subjects for the:
June 7th June 8th June 9th subjects date time
9:00-11:30 language, Chinese Comprehensive Liberal Arts / Science Comprehensive towards the Chinese, Meng Yuwen
15:00-17:00 mathematical language
14, our province college entrance examination English, Russian, Japanese subjects listening test, hearing test part arranged in the foreign language exam at the beginning (specific provisions notice).
15, apply for foreign language specialized examinee, must participate in the foreign language oral language, oral by municipalities (administrative office), county (city, district) recruitment office organization.
16, college entrance examination marking by the province recruitment office is responsible for the organization, the relevant institutions of higher education bear the marking task, the implementation of computer online marking.
17, apply for art class examinee must participate in the professional examination, the professional examination for enrollment of colleges to organize and province recruitment office unified organization of two forms