Completed Hubei public high school tuition ""
The fall of experimental class ordinary high school held a stop for students throughout the province
This year, Hubei Province Public ordinary high school canceled regulatory enrollment, only recruit students and school choice students plan. Recently, held in Hubei, the ordinary high school meeting, admission fees for the two kinds of forms of the Hubei provincial government issued a document to make provision, limit the maximum amount.
For a few public ordinary high school fees chaos, Hubei has issued a new policy, so that the parents of the students clear the charging indicator. The province expressly provided, the plan of tuition standards: the provincial key high school (demonstration) and city (prefecture) level key high school (demonstration) per student each semester 500 yuan, the general high school each student each semester 350 yuan, Wuhan City high school be appropriate broke surface (broke surface not exceeding xingdingbiaozhun 20%); "school choice" of tuition standards: the provincial key high school (demonstration), city (prefecture) level key (demonstration) tuition is 3 years of high school, ordinary high school, the maximum should not exceed 27000 yuan (that is, 4500 yuan per semester), 21000 yuan (that is, 3500 yuan per semester), 15000 yuan (i.e. 2500 per semester yuan).
Hubei Province Education Department responsible person stressed, the charges for the ceiling, any area and the school shall not break; shall not cross semester tuition in advance; "school choice" students pay tuition according to this provision shall not charge tuition. The Provincial Department of education also requires all high school must be in the school fixed position of perennial publicity the school admission scheme, standard fees, accept social supervision. All in charge of publicity outside the project, are all considered charges. According to the regulations should be publicity without charge or publicity, publicity content and policy inconsistent, students and parents have the right to refuse to pay.
In addition, starting this fall, science experimental class, Hubei Province ordinary high school held science experimental class, the experimental class, the humanities of bilingual teaching in experimental class stop for students throughout the province. The Provincial Department of education will be based on the school enrollment plan and admission standards, unified distribution number, a number corresponding to a student. Every breakthrough of enrollment plan, do not meet the admission criteria, the Provincial Department of education will not be registered a high school student.
Editor: Su Lin
