Xinhua news agency, 9 May, Changsha: "service" charges against lightening the burden of rural education achievement
Rural survey - Hunan Nanxian
Primary and secondary school students in the rural compulsory education will be fully exempt from tuition and fees, the implementation of the western region in 2006 the national Huinong policy, will be extended to the central region in 2007. But the Hunan province Nanxian interview survey in the hinterland of main grain producing area of Dongting Lake reporter understands, tuition and fees besides emerge in an endless stream "ride" meal "drinking water fees" and other service charges, become aggravated the burden of rural education a new source of chaos "". "Cut down here," added up over there
Dongting Lake area some farmer masses think, relative tuition, "service fee" higher standards, more names. If this issue is not resolved, will the effect of education of the country Huinong policy vigorously implemented easily offset.
Nanxian Wu Ju Xiang Da Huan Cun village Chen Minghui two children at home, the family situation more difficult. At the beginning of this year, the school will be his children 126 yuan tuition of 23 yuan. "I was very grateful, but one last look, besides the tuition fees and prices of books and other expenses to pay 300 yuan, I how also not happy."
Chen Minghui produced a thick pile of fee receipt to reporters, including teaching material receipt, receipt of premium, Yiyang city education fund raising coupons, "primary daokan" publication of booking receipt, post receipt and pure water plant in Nanxian. "This way, cut down, there also add up." Chen Minghui said.
"There is still big head receipt, the charges are no receipt." Dayuan village villagers Wang Jianguo said. Wang Jianguo also read the second grade primary school children in Wu Ju Xiang center primary school. "At the beginning of this year a 516 yuan, which is only 186 yuan a receipt." Wang Jianguo said, other no receipt including school breakfast and lunch meals, take the newspaper subscriptions and other projects. Wang Jianguo introduced, the school is near his home, originally 290 yuan a meal can not pay, but do not pay the children go to school. "'voluntary' has become a compulsory"
According to a "Nanxian Education Bureau of autumn 2005 education fees inspection report", the county has existence charges phenomenon in different degree on the 20 primary and secondary schools. Questions focused on a variety of "service" charges, including "milk" fee "milk" fee "desk rental deposit" and "water fee" "take meals" "bicycle storage fees" and so on. These fees or engage in "make it rigidly uniform", or high pricing beyond students family bear ability.
The reporter investigates discovery, all sorts of "service charge" emerge in an endless stream. Some school breakfast charges 130 yuan per person or 140 yuan, some lunch fees to 240 yuan per person, in addition to "milk fees" 60 yuan, "milk" fee 180 yuan.
According to the Nanxian Bureau of investigation, enrollment in the fall of 2005, Ming Shan Zhen middle school freshmen fees as high as 924 yuan per person.
According to Nanxian some of the peasant masses, schools to charge "service fee" and not by the parents of the students "voluntary" principle. "If you don't pay, the child can not enter." Nanxian Xiang Xin Min Cun Wu Ju villagers Yao Mingqiang said, "the village children go to school in a school, if someone handed you did not pay, you will worry about school for kids' wear shoes', thus' voluntary 'finally became compulsory."
According to the survey of Wu Ju Xiang Xinmin primary reporter, this year the school 182 students, only 2 people have no overlapping meals (108 yuan per student own meters), all the students made a "water fee (20 yuan per student), most students pay a" premium "(25 yuan per students). In this regard, Xinmin primary school principals Jia Xianjue explanation is: "this is for the convenience of students, of course, some students and parents pay some hesitation, in this case the school and the teacher will do some work."
According to press the investigation, for "service project voluntarily", the County Education Bureau has repeatedly asked schools must according to the voluntary principle, and the provisions of more than 80% is not voluntary but compulsive behavior.
Despite the strict provisions made by the Bureau of education, but the school by "service project" hit "edge ball" phenomenon is banned repeatedly more than. According to the county education bureau responsible person introduction, from 2004 onwards, due to charges Nanxian Education Bureau has successively in three Chahe, Wu Ju, eight hundred bow township schools responsible person made serious processing. "A long way to go to solve arbitrary charges service"
According to press the investigation, "service" charges "rise", the reason is because the state of "Specification for a fee system" for tuition and fees, school in tuition again also cannot open the hole, then began to do an article on "service" project.
"We are very strict for schoolmasters disciplinary charges in violation of the provisions, including hat, shift sub, penalty tickets and so on, but still can not stop the charges." County educational bureau director Meng Yuxiang said, "this one benefit driving is the main reason."
According to Meng Yuxiang introduction, because the local financial distress conditions restrict, Nanxian teacher's basic salary until 2005 by the financial insurance, while fiscal welfare benefits teachers have no budget. Because of financial constraints, some schools a broom to sweep the two semester, teachers' hard year bonus at the end of the year only 100 yuan. "According to the national policy, public funds must be financial supplement. But according to the situation in Nanxian, a serious shortage of public funds. So some primary and middle schools in addition to guarantee teachers' basic wages don't spending outside, only through a
