Since the spring 2006 semester, Sichuan Province in the governance Jiaoyuluanshoufei even broke two records: the headmaster was fired because of the number of charges up to 25, a record over the years the most; at the same time, the number of counties zero complaint charges the province education is also a record.
According to Sichuan Province Education Department spokesman Zhou Guangfu introduction, since the spring 2006 semester, education charges behavior encountered efforts hitherto unknown punishment. Because the charges school, the province has 25 primary and middle school principal was removed from office, administrative warning sanction 15 people above, circulate a notice of criticism 4, 2 Municipal School model school was delisted, 1 teachers were as the waiting list processing, for illegal make up a missed lesson in addition, and the administrative departments of education part of the staff because of their responsible contact school charges behavior, and by the organization of responsibility.
Zhou Guangfu said, since this year, with arbitrary fees in education and education fees complaints barometer appears welcome change. The number of counties in the province education charge zero complaint from 15 in 2005 soared to 32, of which Luzhou city belong to 7 counties, the Department concerned has not received complaints with the education fees.
This reporter learned that, in order to eliminate the arbitrary fees in education, Sichuan Province to take "two hands" approach, one hand grasping schools, local government. In April 3, 2006, 6 prefecture level city, Sichuan Province, deputy mayor in charge of and director of education gathered in Chengdu, accept the province for the concentrated assigned arbitrary fees in education report problems. This is the first time Sichuan Province centralized "accountability" in local government governance Jiaoyuluanshoufei to set a time limit for the way. Sichuan Province requirements, the relevant city (prefecture) of these report to a piece of responded, and not to report to the department level, because the report is reflected at the county level or below the problem of the education sector, in the city (state) this level to solve the problem. At the end of a review, if the city (state) of arbitrary fees in education is still serious, the province will take relevant punishment measures.
According to Zhou Guangfu introduced, in order to mobilize the enthusiasm of local government charges on the governance of education, Sichuan Province in recent years has put education fees complaints into creating the compulsory education demonstration county target assessment, the provisions of compulsory education: to strive for the demonstration county, you must first realize the education charge zero complaint.
Source: Xinhua News Agency
Editor: Su Lin
