At the Congress of Beijing city science and technology award, 91 year old Tang Yawei old age won the first prize, winners in the biggest one. Reporter Zhang Yue / photographs by Zhongguancun college students can be settled conditions is the city school graduate etc.
High tech enterprises higher schools, scientific research institutions of Beijing city within the administrative region of this year's graduates are employed in the Zhongguancun science and Technology Park, the much-needed professionals after the probation period formally employed by the trial of enterprises, approved by the Beijing Municipal Bureau of personnel, can apply for permanent residence in the city. Held yesterday in the 2005 annual Beijing city science and Technology Awards Conference, Beijing municipal Party committee announced the "on strengthening the ability of independent innovation, building an innovation oriented city views". "Opinions" from the 6 aspects of the construction of innovative city, enhance the ability of independent innovation for Beijing science and technology development put forward guiding opinions, and clear the Beijing science and technology development priorities and related policy measures.
At present, Beijing innovative city construction has been a clear goal, "opinions" shows, to 2010, Beijing social development expenditure of funds accounted for the proportion of Beijing GDP reached 6% per million people, the number of patent applications reached 18, science and technology progress contribution rate reached 60%, the added value of Beijing's GDP accounted for the proportion reached 25% high technology industry, Beijing will initially build an innovative city. By 2020, Beijing will enter the advanced ranks in the world of innovative city. In the direction of independent innovation, Beijing will capture a number of key technologies in support of sustainable development, speed up resource-saving and environment-friendly livable city construction, focus on the development of industrial energy conservation, building energy conservation, transportation energy efficiency and clean energy vehicle technology, improve energy efficiency and the use of disposable energy efficiency. Quickening the development and utilization of solar energy, geothermal energy, biomass energy and other new energy and renewable energy, and promote the adjustment of energy structure. And a number of breakthroughs have a significant role in promoting the core technology, promote the development of high-end industries.
277 science and Technology Award "released yesterday"
Yesterday held the 2005 annual Beijing city science and Technology Awards Conference "out" of the 277 awards, the Beijing science and technology first prize 39, two prize 131, three prize 107.
It is reported, in the 277 award results, the central units in Beijing Science and technology achievements awarded achievements for more than a half, number 164, accounting for 59% of the total. All enterprises to achieve scientific and technological achievements more than 1 / 3, many of which are the cooperation between enterprises and research institutions or colleges and universities completed. In addition, in the first prize in the enterprise, the proportion accounted for 43.6%, two prize in the proportion has reached 41%.
Editor: Su Lin