In recent years, some rural areas appear junior students dropout rates rebound, or "drop out students does not stop test", the loss to society after the senior high school entrance examination, come back when the reference to obtain certificates phenomenon. What are the causes of this phenomenon? To solve this problem and how to deal? Here published several articles, made their views. Exam oriented education is the first for Hebei province Tangshan City Fengrun District Jiang Jia Ying Xiang School of Fei Zitian
The flow of rural junior high school students to give up their society, is mainly the influence of exam oriented education and social diversity. In recent years, the one-sided pursuit of graduation rates so that some departments and parents in test scores, graduation rates to school, the quality of the teacher, the teacher to improve test scores, often at the expense of their rest time and students' physical and mental health as the price, to extend the school time, often up to ten hours. School students stars, Daiyue home, holiday make up a missed lesson, sea swimming, get nervous and tired in the course of time, some of their hopeless students weariness, class no longer appeal to them, so they chose the loss.
Some teachers often take ignore, don't give up, management of indifference to some poor academic performance and difficult to manage the students in class, as long as no trouble, do what you have to do. So these have poor self-control children develop bad habits, unfocused. At the same time, the diversification of society "entertainment" to attract, appear as township of Internet cafes, streets and lanes with gambling color chess game, rampant CD, books are not healthy, some of the young have nothing to do it is undoubtedly a great temptation.
Useless study up. In today's society, many even didn't finish primary school children, also can find a job in the society, some even developed a good. In contrast, some students can not find a suitable job or development space. This gives the rural people an illusion: read and not read not much difference between.
The students in the "early flow" group to the school, society, family has brought serious negative influence.
The implementation of the 1 directly impede the nine year compulsory education. 2 to the society increased factors of instability. This group as a group of premature infants, with many be congenitally deficient to society. They lack proper antibodies and disease resistant ability, easy to be socially all sorts of harmful physical and mental health of teenagers "virus" infection. Tracking survey, students after the flow of society, there are about 70% students and their parents go to work or working in the fields, there are about 30% students on cards, wandering, Internet, watching unhealthy video and books to kill time. A few students to gambling, stealing, fighting and other illnesses among them, even to the crime.
Control loss of advice:
1 the current reform of the senior high school entrance examination mode. At present, by the provincial and municipal unified proposition, marking the senior high school entrance examination, has graduated and selection of two functions. Can retain and strengthen the examination of graduation function, cancel the selection function. To the proposition, marking the right and right will have a selection function of senior high school entrance examination to high level school admission, by their independence to organization proposition, marking, enrollment.
The 2 school change teaching ideas, strengthening moral education. Teachers should do care for each child, for any one of their children can show a little cold and give up.
The 3 reform of traditional classroom teaching mode. Turn the classroom an equal and harmonious, lively and relaxed, two-way interaction, study together to solve the problem of the platform.
4 carry out rich and colorful, healthy and upward, with various campus activities, the students' physical and psychological development. Let every child can show themselves in various activities, and at the same time show yourself, enjoy the joy of success. The enthusiasm of the farmers to invest in education is not high Chongqing Shizhu County River mouth Zhong Faquan elementary school
After the start of spring, the author to understand in a middle school, about 10% of the students did not complete nine years of compulsory education for the last half year of school, and embarked on a journey of migrant workers. One of the original 70 people class, this period begins only fifty people. In the winter, the author also witnessed many can only be called "the big doll, fifteen children under the age of six, landed on the far south train. Dropout rate rebound, exactly why?
And not just because of poor material
The current rural economy is getting better, in the survey we found, true because the home money to study in school students, less than the 20% dropout. The survey found the "dropout rate bounce", a rural occupation education is underdeveloped, lagging education system. Two is the investment on farmer education poor guidance, many rural families to education and hope not.
Slow students out of school. I visited a lot no longer read the third child was found, the vast majority of children do not want to read, but do not want to study in "slow class". Asked about the reason, are said to be divided into classes in middle school, their points in the slow class, feeling hopeless. Then ask why no hope, all the people said, the teachers in this part of the students both in the basic disciplines of education, or in the ideological education, have reduced the requirements, think to learn more and less to learn without much impact on their lives, after reading for three years, are the same out anyway. Workers earn money.
The author found in rural long-term observation, students enter the third grade, shunt is not wrong. The key is in after classes, not properly correct education guide. If it is not good for that part of the basic knowledge of,
