The land around the whole production - "cheating pen" style has been continuously updated and upgraded, and the stately "publicly listed", revealed many offbeat information worthy of attention
- it is not difficult to imagine, "cheating pen" once into the examination room, its role to examination cheating agitation fuel, should not be overlooked
In the exam, college entrance examination is coming, a write on the blank sheet of paper, and with the naked eye can not see the "cheating pen" recently in Harbin market overt, said "the streets". "Cheating pen" also known as the "hidden mark pen, the pen water is colorless and transparent, with a pencil to write on paper, can only see the paper scratches, finished in the original scratch lightly coated white paper appeared a black word.
Now, around the "cheating pen" style has been continuously updated and upgraded, and the stately "publicly listed", revealed many offbeat information worthy of attention.
One, "cheating pen" huge potential market, the implication of the high profit. As a veritable "examination power", including cheating can pass crossing of carp, and composed of these kinds of cheaters cheat tool consumer groups, its scale, is really amazing. Among them, including students, cadres, and to obtain all kinds of certificates such as people from all walks of life, are expected to help test force, "cheating" of new technology to help yourself a helping hand, to ensure that they pass the exam success. So it is not difficult to imagine, "cheating pen" once into the examination room, its role to examination cheating agitation fuel, should not be overlooked.
Secondly, the examination room above, more and more cheaters can often be an easy job to to slip by, also increased or expanded by various cheating cheating cheating new courage and confidence to participate in. In many of the examination, cheating as long as the appropriate means, reasonable operation, most of them can poise, if by "cheating pen" such high-tech cheating tool, as the disadvantages apparently luckily, encounter little resistance. Now, in a variety of test sites, cheating phenomena have occurred, despite repeated prohibitions, and even have been to every exam will "harm" to the point of. Why can this is "cheating pen" upgrade "repeatedly, and the main reason publicly listed".
Furthermore, to completely destroy "cheating" pen "in all publicly listed" arrogance, the key is to the relevant departments have to fundamentally eliminate cheating behavior, and to avoid cheating, they must take the cheaters and the relevant responsible person said. Because of the "pen" cheating "was able to publicly listed", mainly because of the huge cheats or cheating tool consumers in its backing up the. At the same time to increase the intensity of governance "test" in accordance with the law, the introduction of the "examination law" as soon as possible, by legal means cheating space compression.
Editor: Su Lin