Compere: each netizen everybody is good, welcome presence Sohu guests chat room. Please go to the studio today is the Shandong University of Finance admissions Ji Yunqing teacher, teacher Hello, ask you to introduce the general situation and characteristics of running a school of Shandong University of Finance.
Ji Yunqing: the central and local governments to build local management leadership system implemented in Shandong University of Finance by the Ministry of Finance and the people's Government of Shandong Province jointly organized the ordinary colleges and universities of Finance and economics, the school was founded in 1986, is a young school, this year is the 20 year anniversary. Comrade Deng Xiaoping personally as we wrote the school, school students nationwide, is the bachelor's degree, master's degree approved by the Academic Degrees Committee of the State Council points awarded unit, a master of Business Administration (MBA) authorization, and has carried out the equivalent job qualifications of applicants for master's degree. The school currently offers 35 undergraduate majors, 23 master's degree authorization, has been formed to economics, management science, the discipline structure, law, science, engineering and other disciplines of the six classes combined. The four major in finance, accounting, finance, international economy and trade is a national professional management, finance, accounting, finance, business management is the Shandong province key discipline.
The existing staff of more than a thousand people, 660 full-time teachers, 330 professors and associate professors, including 115 professors, with the title of senior teachers accounted for 50% of the total full-time teachers. 453 teachers with master degree in line, accounting for 69% of the total number of full-time teachers, 52 of them have doctor degree, in addition to PhD 70. The existing school master's tutor 86 people, doctoral tutor 6 people, teachers have outstanding contribution expert of the youth in a man of 8 experts, enjoy special government allowances of the State Council, Shandong Province outstanding young experts one, the Ministry of finance of cross century academic leader 4 people, provincial excellent talents of the professional technique 3 people, young academic backbone in 4 universities in Shandong province.
The school has modern teaching infrastructure and experimental equipment, basic laboratory is equipped with central and local governments to build five. With accounting, finance, business management and other professional laboratory for a total of 19. The school currently has speech room seats 5482, with computer teaching for 2934, library 996300, 1200 foreign journals in various, and with the information retrieval system and electronic reading room. Recreational and sports activities and equipment more perfect, have a playground, gymnasium, swimming pool full of plastic.
The school is co founded by the Ministry of Finance and the people's Government of Shandong Province, at the beginning of school will actively promote the cooperation, to improve the quality of education. Schools around the construction of domestic have a certain influence of the multidisciplinary characteristics of university goals, adhere to the implementation of the strategy of open hing school, interaction between schools and the Ministry of Finance and taxation, the institutions directly under the financial, economic management department and constantly consolidate and develop, in personnel training, practical teaching, the management of cadres and personnel training, scientific research cooperation enterprise senior realized complementary advantages, resource sharing, won the school support for the society, enhance the ability to serve the society school.
The school according to the training target of applied type wide caliber, thick foundation, high quality, talent, optimize the curriculum system, teaching contents and teaching methods, the implementation of the credit system, the cultivation of major minor, double major, double degree, joint training mode, the training of high level, high standard, high quality, specialty talents. The school opening school achievement is also remarkable, respectively establish the student exchange programs with New York State University, Arkansas State University, Dahl Moorhouse University, Canada France Rennes first school, in recent years the exchange students has reached more than 300 people. Especially the project co cultured with student exchange programs British Napier University and "3+1", get the social praise.
Moderator: school this year in the national enrollment plan to introduce to us.
Ji Yunqing: 06 years of Shandong University of Finance specialist of the plan recruit students 3100 people, including 2900 undergraduate, specialist 200 people, undergraduate program distributed in 27 provinces and autonomous regions nationwide. The province plans to more than 1300 people, the province plans to more than 1500 people. College students 200 people, only in Shandong province.
Moderator: this year's enrollment plan compared with previous years is increasing or decreasing?
Ji Yunqing: in 2005 the total college enrollment of 2800 people, among them undergraduate program of 2400 people, college plans 400, increased than the 05 year undergraduate enrollment plan, but the plan is for 05 years has been compressed specialist.
Moderator: this year's admission policy compared with previous years have changed?
Ji Yunqing: basic does not have the too big change, the school admissions departments continue to implement the education policy, the implementation of sunshine admissions.
Moderator: please introduce the features of the school teacher professional.
Ji Yunqing: a college of our school to finance, management oriented, characteristic is concentrated in the finance and economics and management professional. 06 years actual enrollment of 35 professional, 9 of which are beyond the prescribed by the Ministry of education discipline catalogue of the professional, the 9 professional needs of Ministry of Education approved separately, are concentrated in the finance and economics and management, it should be said is a financial and management features more distinct. 06 years five new professional, taxation, Chinese language and literature, art and design, sports economy, real estate management.
Moderator: school cooperative education program?
Ji Yunqing: cooperation is our school is more outstanding, has with the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, France, Russia, Holland, Australia