"Who knows Chinese food, every grain of hard work", this is everyone familiar with the ancient poetry, but in real life, the waste phenomenon is not rare. Recently, the author of the Shanghai university cafeteria made a small investigation.
Bit waste, many a little make a mickle.
At the Handan campus of the Fudan University of the South dining room, clean up after the meal tableware in the doorway scout Xiao Dashu tells the author, students less wasteful phenomenon. "In the past, Steamed Rice is free of charge, now want to charge, students according to their own appetite dinner." According to Xiao uncle observation, "the girls generally buy one or two dinner, boys in general to three two rice, basic can finish, only a small amount of food left." He introduced, canteen every day will put the leftovers into special buckets, each bucket capacity is about 50 kilograms, "every meal probably received two barrels". Observed in the cafeteria the export, metropolis has a few leftovers after dinner classmates dishes, each remaining amount is not much, but many people fall, will be Many a little make a mickle. Fudan University Handan campus has 3 such that the size of the canteen, within one year of winter and summer vacations and weekends later removed about 170 days, a day by two meals a rough estimate, a year of leftovers of 100 tons of. The city has 59 universities, on this basis, a year of leftovers and how much!
Leftovers, for many reasons
Is the dining hall to eat inside the schoolmate Liao Xian tells the author, he rarely waste food, "Steamed Rice rarely left, because they can eat many will probably clear", "sometimes eat would have an a la carte, sometimes to buy food does not taste, eat not finished". Shanghai Jiao Tong University students Zheng Qingning introduced a year ago, the canteen Steamed Rice is 0.5 yuan an unlimited amount of waste, so more, later changed to charge according to quantity, we will consider your appetite.
The author discovers in interview, the situation of girls than boys more leftovers. Is eating girl Xia Fei schoolmate said, taking into account the food nutrition, usually to one or two Steamed Rice, a stroke a meal of two dishes, but often eat rice a lot of food left. Li Bo students said, there are many leftovers, "such as the food, or do very oil, or see the sundries in the meal, but also some of the girls pay attention to the size comparison, so a meal a dish also appears more".
Although the publicity, but lack measures
I see in some university canteen, the wall has a lot of "save the grain, eliminate waste" posters and banners, according to the students is introduced, the campus is often propaganda to save food, hydropower activities. Li Bo classmate say, saving the glorious, a waste of shame education is not stopped from kindergarten, "the leftovers, feel wasted, remind yourself to save point; but if left less, also don't care too much."
The author conducted live interviews in the canteen of a few leftovers more students, they all said "only occasionally" or "I really can't eat". In the interview, there are many students put forward hope that the canteen meals taste, improve the quality of the implementation, such as half portions of food and other initiatives, can better avoid leftovers to happen.
Conclusion: everyone is the backbone of the economy. Rational meals, promote conservation, against waste, with their practical action to practice social responsibility, is the sacred mission of College students. School canteens and other relevant departments should also be according to the relevant information shall be necessary to improve the.
Editor: Su Lin
