Pre employment, occupation training, talent reserve, Fujian more than 8 college graduates a good talent take-off paving stone --
Why not "Fujian college students employment anxious"
At present, the students of Grade 2002 in Guo Shanxin School of mechanical engineering and automation of Fuzhou University and his classmates didn't try so hard, ligation of school library everything in good order and well arranged to do the graduation design -- as early as two years ago, they and Fujian Juquan Automobile Parts Co., Ltd signed the "pre employment agreement", after two years of practice, aiming at training, examination, he and 4 other students is now the enterprise "reservation staff", and they have become "great blessing" to carry out the "graduate first successful pre employment training mode since pre employment education".
"Around the launch of college students employment channels rich, to Fujian each year more than 80000 university graduates mostly find jobs, but also for the economic construction and social development of Fujian transportation personnel." Fujian Province personnel department director Lu Zhihua said.
Pre employment:
Formal employment "warm-up match"
"Fu Tai" is the first university in Fujian to carry out the "pre employment" school, and Mechanical College and the school is the earliest departments. "Recruit units now emphasizes hands-on experience, and set up and pre employment training is to compensate for the lack of previous this." College Party committee deputy secretary Lin Sheng said.
Lin Sheng introduces, pre employment is the employer according to the needs of their development and the talent planning, from undergraduate and graduate school grade two or three students with outstanding students in the selection of enterprises employing standard, as reserve personnel and training object, through agreement clearly former graduate students should possess the knowledge structure, ability and comprehensive quality, graduate employment the qualified. This pattern also allow students to use the holiday to the enterprise learning, practice, production practice, graduation practice, graduation design (Thesis) arranged in enterprises, and the implementation of double tutor system.
Since the signing of the agreement from 2005 January, "Juquan" company each semester holidays to arrange time for at least 1 months internship for students, but also for their graduation practice, graduation design (Thesis) providing places, suitable experimental equipment and related instruction. During the internship, the hourly wage of not less than 6 yuan, and to provide dormitory, group accident insurance or project awards. The signing of the agreement, "Juquan" company issued each pre employment bonus 1500 yuan as subsidies for living, such as re sign formal labor contract, also can obtain the signing bonus 3000 yuan.
From rural poverty students Kuo, reduce the burden for home, a few years this summer are basically spent at work. "This 1500 yuan for me is almost a semester living expenses. Not only can improve the practice ability, and the wage, work with you, What is there against it??"
The summer of 2005, pass the interview of Guo et al began their first pre employment practice. "The production process often to visit, study, supporting the factory inspection of each component; after work and learning work procedure curriculum content." "In the team also has a more profound experience, learned how to get along with colleagues in the work, how to coordinate together to complete the task......" Open wrote experience, Guo was still excited.
"Pre employment for us, is a new attempt." "Juquan" the company's human resources department director Cai Yuhong said, "the company has also set up a special pre employment admission committee, if the conditions are ripe, the future intend to pre employment as a necessary requirement to recruit graduates." In fact, in addition to let the company satisfied with the college students to accept the practice exercise early, pre employment also let the employer have the opportunity in the students' basic knowledge of learning period can be targeted academic guidance. In the agreement, "Juquan" Guo "requirements of the company they regularly report their study at school, receiving regular evaluation, examination including master at the school have the knowledge and skills, personal plasticity and development potential, and the adaptability of the party work job".
Now, "Fu Tai" has 6 faculties and Lenovo, Huaying photoelectric 10 units signed 15 copies of the joint personnel training cooperation agreement.
Occupation probation:
The government guidance "talent reprocessing"
If the pre employment is currently Fujian university enterprise a "point to point" cooperation, then Xiamen to carry out occupation probation, is to turn it into a broader, multiple levels of government behavior.
From the beginning of 2004, Xiamen launched the "occupation trainee" activities in the city. Unlike the pre employment system, activities led by the personnel, labor, financial department, provide jobs for government funded organization of enterprises, there are plans to let to employment, the local nationality graduates into the enterprise, in the actual post clerkship practice activities. Through the practice, Xiamen city college graduates employment to help to improve the practical ability, employment as soon as possible.
According to staff, job by business unit provided voluntarily, the City Personnel Bureau opens the trainee column in the personnel online, the employer may also declare the intern at any time on the Internet, the City Personnel Bureau released after the approval position in personnel network, online talent, at the same time to the municipal labor and social Security Bureau for the record; the employer and enrolled in the graduate two-way choice of probation, to determine the list of persons, the employer through the network or letter of the list submitted to the Municipal Personnel Bureau for the record; employers signed an internship agreement with the trainee graduates and according to the agreement of mount guard trainee.
According to regulations, see
