Nowadays, there are a considerable number of university graduates every year, was unable to find work. The old "God's favored one" somewhat scenery no longer.
In this regard, there are two different viewpoints on the society: one thinks that the difficult employment problem of college students should not exaggerate, "the difficult employment of college students, other people in employment is not easy". Closely related to the whole social employment situation and period of a country or region's economic development. The allocation of human resources should be dominated by market mechanism. Another view was that, at present in our country overall national education level is still very low, college students are a scarce resource, if the work of many college students cannot, will bring the talent resources idle and waste. Therefore, the government should provide more convenient conditions for the employment of College students.
Indeed, in a mature market economy society, the allocation of human resources is more by the market mechanism to regulate, and the government is more in the countries or regions of the talent development strategy, industrial policy guidance, occupation information services, intellectual property protection, personnel safety and other aspects play a role, make up the defects caused by market. But because our country is in the period of social transformation, in the field of human resource allocation is also faced with a dilemma: on the one hand, the government should play the leading role of the market mechanism, as far as possible, the allocation of human resources by the market to solve; on the other hand, the government in the initial stage but also bear the cultivation and development of various kinds of the talent market duty, in the market development is not sound, to a certain extent, will have a "government instead of market" phenomenon. Therefore, from a long-term perspective, when the talent market reached a certain maturity, the government should be a timely exit, mainly through the laws and regulations for the effective monitoring of the talent market.
With the number of College Students' employment rising year after year, I think, the government's "hand" to strive to develop more effective measures, such as the use of information superiority, provide more employment guidance and services for the majority of graduates; the use of legal means, ensure fairness of all kinds of talent employment; through certain policy and funding support, strengthen skills training for university graduates of the employing units; through education and propaganda, guide students to change their concept of employment. And the government's "one hand" I'm afraid to do some comprehensive control of things. For example, do not rush to the pursuit of quantity and quality of neglect; do not blindly pursue high degree, high degree and ignore the diversified development of educational level; development trends don't ignore the complex social structure and occupation post skill of higher education, the old concept, stick to the "elite", etc.. In a sense, how to play this "hand" action, is more important to help the college students' employment.
Editor: Su Lin
