The 8 reporters in Yangzhou colleges and universities in an interview to understand a rare thing: the school regulations, students apply for membership in the party must provide the "proof of love", that "I love, talk about friends if they affect learning", also require students to teachers or teacher to write relevant certificates. The school this alleged "on college students is responsible" approach to motivated students feel awkward and confused.
According to the school a Liuxing Junior introduction, he is a party activists, and in their school, to join the party, must provide for the main content of "my name is XX, are actively to the organization together, there are female (male) friend, but did not affect learning and homework, I hereby certify that" love proof material, finish after their proof school also requirements related to the teacher or the class teacher to write "the student does not prove that fall in love because of influence of learning". Schoolmate Lu said, I have asked of other college classmates and friends, never had this sort of thing, write this to "prove" the trouble does not say, really very embarrassed, now college students fall in love too general, what does this have to do with the party? Moreover, this proves nothing substantive content, love students say that they did not talk, the influence of learning was said to have no impact, the school how to grasp? In an interview with the reporter understands, like Lu students, activists and many wrote "prove" think that talking about love is "private", the school do make them feel very "depressed".
Yesterday the school a teacher Li also made it clear that the move "puzzling". He told reporters, the school gives the explanation is "a comprehensive understanding of the students, and is responsible for" motivated students, but he thought it inappropriate, their own written at least "prove" to dozens of students, always feel very boring, also very awkward. Mr. Li said, fall in love, get married not progressive contradiction, college students fall in love should be regarded as personal privacy, is not opposed to the party loyalty and respect for privacy, this "toss people" approach to some extent is the "ultra left thinking" at work.
Miss Li said, their school years in the student party members on the issue of "pine has more", a few years ago even expressly "fall in love will not be admitted into the party". "Now, as long as to age, college students can even get married, fall in love, friends need Big deal?" The relevant social experts also believe that this approach "questionable", the starting point of the school is perhaps well intentioned, but doing this too simple, lack of respect for college students.
Editor: Su Lin