- admission points project to adjust more enrollment plan management, improvement
And multi section public solicitation volunteer is expected to promote and newborn loss rate of over 10% can supplement
The Ministry of Education recently introduced 2006 new policy -- "the merit of the enrollment work regulations" in 2006 the ordinary higher school, college entrance examination this year, application conditions, medical examination requirements, subject setting does not change, but mainly in the following changes in admission points etc..
A: changes in admission points project to adjust more.
The provisions of one policy for the college entrance examination in 2005: senior secondary education stage above the provincial youth science and technology innovation contest or national school discipline Olympic competition first prize provincial division above may be appropriate to increase the scores Toudang; and in 2006 bonus policy, this kind of take part in winning the competition in order to enjoy preferential examinee to expand for the entrance points:
"Senior secondary education stage won the national high school discipline Olympic competition first prize and one or two provincial division national finals, three prize";
"Senior secondary education stage won the National Youth Science and technology innovation contest (including the National Youth biological and environmental science and practice), 'little scientists of tomorrow' Award activities and national primary and secondary school computer production activities one or two prize";
"Senior secondary education stage award in the international science and engineering Grand Prix, international environmental research project in Olympic competition."
This year also has a larger adjustment for veterans bonus Toudang policy. For example, in 2005 the provisions: "self occupation towns demobilized soldiers, awarded during service three. Veterans, increased 10 pointstou Dang based on their test results on the total; while in the service awarded two. (including) above or by the unit of area above awarded the honorary title of Army veteran, can increase 20 pointstou Dang in their test score based on". This year for self occupation retired soldiers removed "town" limit, to expand the scope of all retired soldiers, at the same time, the abolition of the "class in the service during the period three. Veterans, increased 10 pointstou Dang" this one based on their test score on the. Adjust the specific policy for self occupation: "retired soldiers, increased 10 pointstou Dang based on their test results on the total; while in the service awarded two. (including) above or by the military region (including) above awarded the honorary title of veterans, increased 20 pointstou Dang based on their test score on the".
Change two: the source of recruitment management improvement plan.
This year, all colleges and universities in local and provincial enrollment plan will be fully implemented on-line preparation, execution and management, during the admission of enrollment plan adjustment must also be on the Internet using special software system. The education administrative departments should strengthen the monitoring and regulation of macro planning, adjustment, implementation.
At the same time, the requirements of the Ministry of education college enrollment plan priority to the central and Western Higher Education under the incremental tilt developed and students quantity, good quality of the provinces. Strive to make the college enrollment plan in the regional distribution, professional structure more scientific, reasonable, and strengthen the analysis of talent demand, forecast.
Change three: piecewise multiple public solicitation volunteer is expected to promote the.
Ministry of education pointed out: this year examinee voluntary reporting should be conducive to reflect the examinee enter oneself for an examination will, in favor of enrollment management, is conducive to higher school entrance. Therefore urged all provincial Zhaoban and universities should through the piecewise multiple public solicitation volunteer and other measures, and strive to improve the examinee volunteer meet rate, reduce the high score students drop out rates and the new report the loss. This means that previously only in subsection for the examinee volunteer practices such as part of the province for a trial run, this year is expected to be in the nationwide promotion application.
Four changes: the new loss rate of over 10% can supplement.
Last year the Ministry of education, the provincial Zhaoban to all higher school undergraduate level students, will not be allowed to re organization in the regular admission Bulu after work; the province (autonomous region, municipality directly under the central government) belongs to the minority after the start of the new registration rate is lower in higher occupation technical school and college levels of private higher school, the the school application, the provincial admissions committee agreed, the relevant provincial Zhaoban in the province (autonomous region, municipality directly under the central government) is not accepted students range, according to the requirements of the examinee volunteer and related admission, organize the relevant colleges and universities for College level art.