Yesterday, Hangzhou city medium occupation school 2006 admissions consulting activities held in Qingchun square, 17 occupation high school, 13 technical schools, 5 ordinary secondary school for 28 days this month, independent recruitment of a "preview". The candidates and their parents also cast a large set of a vocational school.
Student: don't pick pick professional school
Gongchen bridge middle school Lin Yuhong early in the morning arrived at the consultation site, each school enrollment brochures and promotional materials and took a big stack. "Professional is more important, the employment situation is good professional afraid can't find a job after." In the father's remind next, Lin carefully study every school enrollment, the last pick in the occupation school in Hangzhou city of electronic information graphic animation and web design professional ", Hangzhou animation industry developed quickly in recent years, the professional should have good employment prospects."
In order to promote themselves to the students and parents, all schools have resorted to the one's special skill: Hangzhou senior technical school, Hangzhou city light industry technical school set up showcase painting, fashion design, cooking, spare parts processing, student work. Hangzhou Commerce Vocational School also invited a team of 70 people a brass band playing live. Hangzhou West Lake vocational senior high school students and even live with the pastry making performance, has attracted a lot of students eyes, looking at a dough into a delicate and lovely small pastry in a short period of time, originally intended to apply for financial professional Wang Fenfen changed his mind.
To eat at noon time, many school teachers still did not break through the tight encirclement of parents. Some teachers just took up the lunch box to put down to answer ask their parents ate one or two mouth. With the computer and electronic professional vocational schools in Hangzhou city of electronic information, only yesterday morning on the reception of the seven hundred or eight hundred who come to the consultation of the students and their parents.
School: follow the market adjustment of professional
In consultation with the site, students and parents are most concerned about the employment rate of graduates and school answer also let them quite satisfied, most school graduates first employment rate in more than 90%.
Yang Guoqiang Hangzhou city light industry technical school principal is introduced, the school of NC machining, fashion design, mechanical and electrical, pharmaceutical and other professional graduates have been in short supply in recent years, the main and school follow social demand constantly adjust the professional setting about, in recent years Hangzhou construction of new drugs "port" development strategy, the development trend of women's garment industry are related major graduates provides good employment prospects.
The car and the NC machining of these two types of professional and technical personnel is an international shortage of skilled personnel to determine the Ministry of labour and social security, with the two main professional Hangzhou auto mechanic school only yesterday morning and more than 100 students reached a preliminary intention. A teacher of the school is introduced, the school in recent years, the employment rate in more than 95%. In addition, some originally not to these professional schools also adds a car and NC machining of the two professional.
Expert: suitable is the best
Although the 35 vocational and technical school and technical secondary school to participate in the on-site consultation have good professional setting and employment prospects, but there are still many parents hope their children can get high weight or high school. But in fact, in recent years many vocational school, technical school graduates employment rate is much higher than the employment rate of bachelor's degree.
Hangzhou City Labor and Social Security Bureau of the relevant person in charge, Hangzhou City Technical School of electrical and electronic, fashion design, marketing, automotive repair, garden, cooking, medicine and traffic class professional graduate employment rate has two consecutive years to reach more than 95%, some school students in grade one or two is the employer has to book, "at present, enterprises in Hangzhou city the demand for skilled personnel can only meet 1/3, Hangzhou still faces a shortage of skilled workers."
In this regard, Hangzhou Talent Development Center Deputy Director Cheng Hongquan think, the social education view and talent view is gradually changed, can no longer simply to the degree as criterion, students in the choice of schools, the choice of employment direction in the future, or to send out from the actual situation of their own, "suitable education is the best education".
Editor: Su Lin