According to the "Beijing morning news" reported on April 20th, a key middle school of Beijing city recently made a test: the school all under the age of 40 high school teachers time to do a set of teaching of the college entrance examination, the results, about 10% of the teacher didn't pass, one of several received only 40 points (on a 100 sub system).
In this regard, school principals and expert opinions differ.
Affirmative that fail just because of lack of training, and against the view that the problem solving ability decline will mislead students, expert comment is "the teacher failed exposure at present teacher training and the college entrance examination and there are some problems." For the different opinions of the headmaster and expert, I do not want to talk about, I just wanted to get out of "college entrance examination" results argue, discuss teachers "launching" the decision itself.
It should be said, "believed in speaking teachers" long-standing, since Confucius at that time, he has a general Saint does not have the characteristic, that is "believed in speaking". What do you mean? Is the life all in thinking teaching, lectures, speech, conversation, but not writing. The Confucian classics "the Analects of Confucius" people can see, the record is Confucius words and deeds, the record was a disciple of Kong Fuzi and the disciples were.
Though the teacher was a student, and smell the truth earlier, educated, become certified "coach" no problem. But the operation of the college entrance examination is strong now, if not after repeated scientific training, not repeated in practice to grasp, flexibility in the use of skills, think it is not easy to get high marks in the exam. Only by language papers as an example, do not say that the Chinese teachers in middle school, is the domestic academic celebrity and when? Famous writer Wang Meng once made several middle school Chinese standard test, results are not satisfactory, a best result is only 60 points, Peking University professor Qian Liqun said: "in the face of this paper (the 1998 national college entrance exam of Chinese) a blank mind, I read the papers very difficult, first of all is to understand the topic request took great effort, some still not too clear......" Beijing Normal University professor Tong Qingbing said: "language entrance examination has been heard of 'difficult', but in reading Chinese exam paper in 1998, for it 'difficult' or be startled at. I think if I in 1998 to participate in college entrance examination, Chinese are sure not to pass."
More than three gentlemen in the face of today's Chinese paper of college entrance examination can not pass, but as a teacher, but not with this answer to their level of daily teaching, whether the teacher is in the sprint of the middle school, or in the starting high and into high school.
Water only see his legs mud. As a teacher, was sitting in the examination room complete answer a "college entrance examination" exam paper, certainly not stand on the rostrum analysis questions like that, take it leisurely and unoppressively handy. The old saying "study then knows the insufficiency, teach and sleepy." Teachers "college entrance examination" and "water", "college entrance examination" sitting in the examination room, they realize the student feel in the examination room, which for the students found in knowledge gaps and their teaching the blind spot on the very helpful.
Lu Fangweng once said, "the paper come Zhongjue shallow, and must know this to practice." The author thinks, let the teachers "college entrance examination" and "water" benefits. On the one hand, help to promote teachers to improve their comprehensive quality; on the other hand, is the need to adapt to the new curriculum reform, teachers have to understand the college entrance examination papers proposition personal direction, so that the ordinary teaching more targeted, thus improving the quality of teaching.
Editor: Su Lin