Not long ago, CCTV "focus interview" column broadcast "Guangzhou Laojiao a collective 70 fraud fake diploma competition" is a matter of. Socialist concept of honor and disgrace for the national various the ongoing "Eight Honors and Eight Disgraces" view of education, is undoubtedly a good material for rare, worth every one of us to ponder.
If industrial products and shoddy is one-off, so the fake diploma is permanent, cause endless trouble to future. Because of this, the party and the state have give repeated orders and injunctions, taken forbid false diploma overflow of a series of measures to. In 2002, the CPC Central Committee General Office, the office of the State Council forward "the Central Organization Department, Ministry of personnel, Ministry of education, Academic Degree Commission of the State Council on strengthening and regulating the cadre education, degree management work opinions". At the same time, the country also had a special education and special Diploma cleanup. In this regard, Guangdong Province, is walking in front, as early as in 2000 the province issued "on the strengthening of the cadre education, degree management work of the notice", clear requirements at all levels of the organization and personnel department to establish a cadre education, degree of filing system, carefully audited degree, students cadres, cadres, degree of education to conduct a comprehensive clean-up audit, etc.. However, the Guangzhou inmates a diploma fraud cases show that, in some places there are still loopholes in the implementation of the cadre system, the need to further improve the.
"Education is to make a holiday". In the construction of the system, there is one who to crack problems. At present, the reality is, a lot of units rely too heavily on the Department in charge of education. Although education department set up education verification center, the cadre education can then be verified, but this is not the way to put things right once and for all, because this kind of validation is not as the factory inspection of the factory products actively, and the Department of education has no such financial and human resources. Thus, in a diploma fake things, must also realize the diversification of fake subject. For example, the authenticity of appointing cadres should of course have the right to verify the unit of degree, but if the common people of the cadre education in doubt, Is it right? Should also have good channels to guarantee the right to know and monitor them? Again, the qualifications authentication, the construction of a query network is far from enough, is not to set up a school, the Department of education and the Ministry of personnel, and other components of the communication channels, timely implementation of sharing information on?
At present, some local business diploma is still rampant, and some even small advertising fraud publicly posted to the public, the arrogance of remarkable. The author thinks that to governance and put an end to buy diploma phenomenon, should from the system construction and personnel policy oriented up thinking. Cadres in our country are huge and complex, policy must proceed from the actual situation, do not "make it rigidly uniform". Particularly important is, a lot of scholars and the organization and personnel workers, had suggested not to education as the only criteria for the evaluation of talent, in the selection of talent, should value more practical to cadres and not a diploma. "Heroes do not ask the source", as long as the outstanding ability, it should be as the key object selection or promotion, don't take the "death" of the diploma to card "live" ability. The reality has already told us, governance counterfeit diploma, can not take the matter on its merits, by several "special attack", and will in the moral education, standardize the system, social supervision and other aspects of the full time. In the final analysis, is based on the socialist concept of honor and disgrace education, based on the employing system gradually perfect, continue to deepen the reform.
Source: Guangming Daily
Editor: Su Lin
