Yu Xuchu is a well-known expert on Chinese college entrance examination, most is the composition of the university entrance exam. Although already 65 years old, but the Jinling middle school is still not willing to let him to retire, but considering his health, only a week to arrange him to take some elective courses, so that he set aside more energy to do research.
In April this year, Yu Xuchu has begun to study the composition of the university entrance exam this year, through such as "reader", "Culture Exhibition", "Youth Daily" and other newspapers and magazines Chinese, choice of materials prepared over 10 thesis topic from the topic composition, wherein the 3 questions, the material composition of 5 questions, Proposition 2 questions. But each one essay questions, he always put in there thinking about one or two days, students may mistake in what aspects, he targeted sites about; or at what point easily one-sided understanding, need to see a problem to remind them dialectically. Even good thinking, he can always make a draft first, then has been modified to their satisfaction, and then transcribed.
Yu teacher 10 essay questions, as the students will attend the university entrance exam, you are most interested in what problem? You want to get the Chinese teaching authority face-to-face instruction? That quickly picked up a pen to write it, and their satisfaction with the mail to Longpan road Nanjing City No. 223 Jinling Evening News, Li Xueqin received the before May 20th, zip code is 210002. This newspaper will preferentially select 20 lucky candidates, in May 27th invited Yu Xuchu to the newspaper face pointing its composition test method.
The first part: the topic composition
1 read the following text, according to the requirements of the composition.
From 1999 to 2005, according to a survey China Science Research Institute, China's urban residents and rural residents reading rate assumes the drop tendency. Read but every year even didn't read a book "basic non reader" in response to the reason, choose "no time" reading accounted for 43.7%, select the "not used" reading accounted for 29.1%, nearly half of the eighteen nine year olds. According to reports, annual per capita reading ten books of the Jews, a part of many Europeans regard reading as a life inalienable.
Would you like to read, should how to read, opinions differ from man to man. Please refer to the "study" as the topic, title, optional style (poetry except, script), write a composition of no less than 800 words.
Note: (1) "to read" is a big topic, writing hole should be small, so as to avoid the big talk, utter lack of substance. The actual best to contact myself or the people around to write.
(2) can be described a personal experience of reading, written in a narrative; can also talk about reading experience, advice; also used the lyrical style, expression love of books, written in prose.
(3) if the writing essays, can talk about from the supplied materials, on the expression of Chinese reading rate decreased anxiety, advocate the use of reading to edify sentiment, literacy; also say "reading rate downward trend is normal", "because now is the Internet age, reading way increased"; also can put the network reading and traditional reading and comparison, the two have their own use, should complement each other, but the network reading can never replace traditional books; can also conception from the perspective of the other. As long as It stands to reason., make out a good case, all can be.
2 read the following text, according to the requirements of the composition.
Nowadays many repose, quiet down, everything all want to crash, but not a step by step from the little things. In fact, the differences between people, is composed of many small steps to reflect, each only a small step. Some people just get disheartened after failure, then give up. If attention is first placed in a small change, it will be much easier, more effective, and less frustration. Focus on small changes, plot in time, there is a big success, cultural learning, moral civilization, scientific research, sports competition, environmental protection and so on, so on and so on and so.
Please refer to the "focus on small changes" as the topic, title, optional style (poetry except, script), write a composition of no less than 800 words.
Note: (1) focus on small changes, stick to small changes and eventually become people, at all times and in all countries have, can be selected according to a man of his acquaintance, written in a narrative; can also be written as a "reluctant to step by step, from the little things" but with no into people, from a negative to prove "focus on small changes, plot in time, there is a big success" as the theme.
(2) small can be larger, but under certain conditions, big can be smaller, which can be based on actual contact, advice; can also stick to the right direction, focus on small changes, finally achieved a great success, with "everything want to crash, unwilling to step by step, from the little things" and without a single success of control, clarify oneself advocate in comparison.
3 read the following material, according to the requirements of the composition.
Jiangsu is not only a developed economy, and gathering of talents, in terms of literature, art, education, it stars twinkling, proud. Ancient writers and poets were Shi Naian (Xinghua), Wu Chengen (Huaian), Fan Zhongyan (Suzhou), Gui Youguang (Kunshan), Xu Xiake (Jiangyin), Qin Shaoyou (Gaoyou), Li Yu (Xuzhou) etc.. The modern educator and a famous scholar Ye Shengtao (Suzhou), Zhu Ziqing (Dong Hai), Qian Zhongshu (Wuxi), Lv Shuxiang (Danyang), painter Xu Beihong (Yixing), erhu performer with Bing (Wuxi), mathematician, physicist Hua Luogeng (Jintan) Zhou Peiyuan (Yixing), there are a number of well-known writers, such as Lu Wenfu (Taixing), Zhang Xianliang (Xuyi) etc.. The capital of Nanjing is the ancient capital of the Six Dynasties, the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom in the capital, where Sun Zhongshan became interim