China University of Political Science and Law President Xu Xianming has cashed in two sessions during the commitment. This year, the school in Henan, Shandong, Sichuan recruitment of students have reached or exceeded 100, respectively 102, 102 and 100. Forms the sharp contrast with this is, the enrollment plans to invest in Beijing this year dropped to 160 from 185 last year, dropped to 13.51%.
This year the university entrance exam, China University of Political Science and Law announced it will implement "the provinces population proportion" enrollment, cause social widespread concern --
College entrance examination enrollment once a year is approaching. Recently, China University of Political Science and Law issued the 2006 enrollment in the articles of association of a paragraph, caused the wide attention of the society: "the spirit of the principle of education fairness, according to the provincial population base, the quality of students, professional characteristics and other factors to consider making a school professional, Provincial source plan."
According to the guiding ideology, China University of Political Science and Law in terms of the total number of admissions constant, for the 2006 provincial enrollment plan were adjusted. Among them, in the recruit students index in Beijing City dropped from 185 last year to cut to 160 place this year, students in Beijing the proportion of decline from last year's 9.25% to 8%.
At the same time, the school also cut the recruit students index put in Tianjin, Liaoning, Jilin, Heilongjiang and other provinces to the north, increased in Sichuan, Henan, Shandong, Guangdong and other provinces of the enrollment plan, enrollment indicators, Ningxia, Qinghai, Gansu, Tibet and other provinces in the west is unchanged.
The beneficial attempt to pursue recruitment fair
Earlier this year NPC and CPPCC period, China University of Political Science and Law President Xu Xianming said, the school will be the implementation of major reform of the enrollment system, undergraduate enrollment plan will be determined in accordance with provincial provinces population proportion. One stone arouses 1000 billow, University of political science and law practice very soon attracted the attention of many aspects of repercussions in society.
The College of education at the Huazhong Normal University doctoral tutor Zhou Hongyu thinks, in recent years, directly under the Ministry of education key university, especially the key colleges and universities into the "985" project in the local places on the high proportion. For example, the number of the total population of Henan is 8 times more than Beijing, the examinee total is 7 times that of Beijing and Peking University and Tsinghua University in Beijing's admission quota on the number respectively is 4.5 times that of Henan and 4.9 times; the total number of population in Shandong is almost 7 times of Shanghai, the total number of candidates is 6.5 times that of Shanghai. While in Shanghai the admission of Fudan University put more than 22 times the number of Shandong is.
Show a on 2000 to 2002 National subordinate college enrollment plan analysis of materials, the average national level directly under the Ministry of education, colleges and universities local students proportion is 44.76%. Specific regions of the same period, Beijing average is 18.98%, is the lowest area; Zhejiang University at more than 60% a year in the proportion of local students, colleges and universities in local proportion of students "list of the first graduate school".
Long term focus on education equity issues in Higher Education Research Institute of Beijing Institute of Technology professor Yang Dongping think, according to the proportion of the population on China University of Political Science and Law recruit students index is a beneficial attempt.
Enrollment system reform can not be ignored
"All over the places national key university put not balance, so that no or very little chance of colleges and universities focus on the central and western provinces candidates to key universities decline, is not conducive to narrowing the gap between regions." Zhou Hongyu said.
Yang Dongping believes that the "higher education reform involves many aspects, such as the reform of the examination system, enrollment system reform, teaching reform, etc.. Over the years, we focus on the reform of the examination system, in fact, not overlook the enrollment system reform." China University of Political Science and Law enrollment quota allocation will be raised as an issue, make the enrollment system reform attention.
With Liu Haifeng Dean of the Xiamen University Institute of education on original research that on our ancient imperial examination system, examination equity and regional equity is an "eternal problem", when the Northern Song Dynasty had been the imperial examination of North South dispute between Sima Guang and Ou Yangxiu. At that time, because the North Long wars, economic depression, education greatly behind the south, North and south for the amount of serious results appear the phenomenon of uneven. Then, Sima Guang on behalf of the northern advocated "by Lu take people method" in the scholars admission, namely according to the area distribution quota. And Ou Yangxiu is a representative of southern, put forward "with only take people". In the Ming Dynasty, the imperial examination to take "partition admission" approach, the papers is divided into South and North roll roll, roll. Kangxi period in Qing Dynasty, began to implement the "province of quotas". "This and our today's college entrance examination system has a striking resemblance." Liu Haifeng said.
The merit of equilibrium is still the problems to be solved
At present, the contradiction between the college entrance examination in China are concentrated in large population, moderate to these provinces tilt is necessary, but it is also worth considering how to tilt.
Professor Sun Dongdong of Peking University law school, said in an interview with reporters, University of political science and law adjustment is not big, the measure is not much significance statistically, not really achieve their stated "proportional" admission point. In addition, in the higher education resources, especially high-quality higher education resources are extremely scarce situation, blindly to geographical population to divide the recruit students index, also has the possibility to violate the original intention of the selection of outstanding talents in higher education.
"China University of Political Science and Law scheme is a bit simplistic. Index increase provinces will of course happy, while the index of cut provinces certainly not satisfied." Yang Dongping proposed a he believes that in the current circumstances the smallest shock "incremental solutions, namely original indicators remain unchanged