One, plan now, everything will be easy
Every year, the newspaper into people come in waves, but really can reach the other shore only some limited. In fact, the adult college entrance exam is not difficult, high starting point at best and sophomore semester test mode level quite, rise only this probably is two level now, admit fractional line is not too high. However, because a lot of people in society without the pressure of entering a higher school, and the job of body, nature is not what momentum, inevitably ten do not nine.
The so-called "Forewarned is forearmed.", make a thorough careful careful examination plan for myself, not only to develop good study habits, exercise process is in the work the life map out a strategy. Work out a practical plan of study, need to consider their own work time, so as not to conflict with the job learning, in addition to the reasonable arrangement of work and rest rules themselves, strive to use the shortest time to achieve the best results, to achieve a multiplier effect.
Many people like to stay late, so although at that time can remember some things, but when the examination is easy to receive, so be sure to make a reasonable plan of study.
Two, the implementation of the plan is the key
Feasible study plan can make people avoid disorderly tension of the mind, but to make a put it away unheeded plan is of no use at all. Just help us plan stage of refinement of the learning program, the essence still need their own regulations to implement according to item by item, item by item, strengthen. Here the determination and perseverance is particularly important, it is the biggest challenge for the individual consciousness and self-control, and only those who endured the hardships of the people challenge, generous gift can have the chance of success.
Of course, when making a plan must be specific, so that execution will not feel out of place. I remember a famous marathon athletes about the secret of his success is to say: "I intend to each place I long distance routes all remember by heart, so, when I ran a mileage, I silently in my heart a mileage name, such a long long journey was I Division for several blocks, and all I have to do is just a time to run such a short 'journey', of course, it would be much easier to."
Three, exam is also important
Many people are excited or nervous before the exam, not insomnia is to learn not to go in, in fact, this time should adjust good mentality, relax yourself, so that they can play their normal level more or super level.
Four, the test strategy
The test or any kind of exam, actually all is easy subject accounts for one half, so when the examination hold on their own will question must be, encounter will not be the subject of the first not to contemplate, we first have to do topic all done again to study not subject, so you can have full assurance of success.
Source: 365
