Boys and girls, turn from a guest into a host
Boy: grab a girl not guilty of "rice bowl"
In the eyes of many people, boys reported in science and engineering professional is the best choice, electrical engineering, mechanical instruments, civil transport construction, traffic, sounds are full of rigidity. Some professionals may be bitter, what that is afraid of, "the ancient hero many tribulations, dandyism disciples less Wei male", quite sufficient reason.
Indeed, boys like science, it can be seen from the number of men and women now science class in high school and arts classes, science classes are often far more boys than girls, while girls often become the embellishment, but the liberal arts is different, from the sex ratio of males to say, not how many "cheap". Because boys born and logical thinking ability than girls, but this is not equal to other majors is not suitable for. Previously, due to some industry nature of the work, some colleges and universities in the professional enrollment, often only for girls, and the boys shut sb., such as nursing, preschool education specialty. As the industry division of labor development, previously banned boys enter oneself for an examination of professional also gradually open to boys, and from these professional graduate employment, boys also have the advantage of treatment. If you are a college entrance examination in boys, volunteer, he not only special report, some seemingly "feminine" professional? Such as nursing, preschool education, primary school education, foreign language, the air crew and so on.
1 nursing: current medical university undergraduate nursing professional has to the boys threw out the olive branch, such as Peking Union Medical College, China Medical University, Capital Medical University, Fudan University School of medicine, Shanghai Second Medical University, Zhejiang medical university. The annual National Undergraduate Nursing recruit nearly ten thousand people, of which 10% to 20% are male nurses. Like the Department of gynaecology and obstetrics and some special departments, such as ICU, emergency center, Department of orthopedics, Department of Urology, the most popular male nurses.
2 pre-school and primary school education: the two major basically are in normal colleges and universities, and others in a comprehensive University College of elementary education. You don't misunderstand the meaning of "elementary", do not think the undergraduate professional, it is your future after graduation, engaged in a "primary education" work. Now, a lot of undergraduate teachers colleges are offering preschool education, including the Beijing Normal University, East China Normal University, Nanjing Normal University and other famous universities.
Foreign language majors 3 foreign language colleges, many schools and its origin has been "yinshengyangshuai". In order to change this situation, these colleges in enrollment of boys favored. Such as Shanghai International Studies University in the annual enrollment rules in a public statement, long-term since the school students sex ratio imbalance, therefore, under the same conditions, priority of boys. As for the language of some small language professional, the recruitment of students colleges and universities is "more show special preference to" the boys, even pre set the ratio of men to women, admission by different fractional line, such as Peking University, Beijing Foreign Studies University, etc..
4 air crew: see the name, people would immediately think of "airline stewardess:" a brilliant flower smile, yingshengyanyu voice, it also can with the boys hang the bait? Of course you can! You change a kind of view does not go: Sunshine handsome smile, strong magnetic voice, oh, this is "less empty". Professional air crew currently only Nanchang Hangkong University belongs to the undergraduate, other schools of professional flight attendants all belong to the college, these colleges of professional flight attendants are gradually make the "less empty", such as the Civil Aviation College of China (Tianjin), Chinese Civil Aviation Flying College (Sichuan Guanghan), Civil Aviation College Guangzhou, the school of "the basic requirements are: age less empty" 19 ~ 20 years old should go to college entrance examination students, between the height of 172 ~ 182cm, Wuguanduanzheng no scars, body symmetry enunciation unclear. Because of the strict requirements of professional bodies, the successful candidate will not be too much, so when admitted culture results are often not very high, some as long as the same batch control fractional line can be cast archives, and some even drop points admit.
Girl: who says women than men
Compared with boys, girls "play" opportunity less, due to physiological factors of girls, there are some tough professional only recruit male, mining, drilling specialties such as the field operation, military and national defense students major in command, but now some of the traditional sense of male professional began to appear "10 thousand green a pair of red" scene. Such as: petroleum, marine, police cadets, pilots, etc..
1 oil majors mainly consists of petroleum engineering, geological engineering survey technology, China University of Petroleum, Southwest Petroleum University and other schools direction, the ratio of men to women with no special requirement, is based on the characteristics of the industry, for boys are in large proportion. Chang'an University is famous for its specialty in highway bridges, enrollment in remind candidates: "rock soil and road and Bridge Engineering in the Department of professional direction of hard tunnel, proposed girls carefully to enter oneself for an examination." In this specialty, girls tend to be "a rare thing". Hard working girl bravely may wish to fill.
2 navigation technology specialty most only hiring male students, but some schools there are exceptions, such as navigation technology specialty in Shanghai Maritime Univeristy, from the beginning of 2000, the school to train marine amphibious talents, management, a small undergraduate students enrolled in the Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and other regions. Now, the first batch of 18 girls enrolled have graduated, 2 of them continue to study for the master, 2 men walked for shipping colleges podium, 1 people became a pilot, 2
