A, functional jurisdiction
(a), criminal case investigation conducted by the public security organs, except as otherwise stipulated by law.
1, "the Supreme People's court, the Supreme People's Procuratorate, the Ministry of Public Security Ministry of State Security Ministry of justice of the NPC Standing Committee on the law of criminal procedure in the implementation of the provisions of a number of issues"
(1)
In accordance with the criminal procedure law in criminal cases under the jurisdiction of the division of labor regulations, the people's Procuratorate jurisdiction "the crime of corruption and bribery, national staff of dereliction of duty, violate the personal rights of citizens with criminal organ abuses his authority to implement the illegal detention, torture to extract confessions, revenge against crime, illegal search and infringement of citizens' democratic rights". For such cases under the jurisdiction of the tax by the public security organs, the public security organ shall be placed on file for investigation, the people's Procuratorate will no longer accept. Any non-compliance with the file criminal procedure law on the jurisdiction division provisions shall be invalid.
The people's Procuratorate investigation of the public security organ shall be under the jurisdiction of the tax related cases, but by the people's Procuratorate to completed, or by the people's Procuratorate to the public security organs to handle.
(2)
The provisions of the criminal procedure law of the people's Procuratorate. "Under the jurisdiction of state functionary crime of dereliction of duty" case, the revised criminal law has been the subject of crime of malfeasance modified for the personnel of state organs. According to this change, the people's Procuratorate jurisdiction "dereliction of duty", refers to the provisions of criminal law ninth chapter of the crime of dereliction of duty. In addition, the criminal law of the fourth chapter 248th provisions of the supervision personnel beating, corporal punishment, abuse the detained person crime, jurisdiction of a people's procuratorate. The provisions of chapter third of the criminal law the crime of undermining the order of socialist market economy in the jurisdiction of crimes by the public security organs.
(3
). The revised criminal law has explicitly in the specific provisions of criminal crime of corruption and bribery in Chapter eighth has made the stipulation, according to this change, the people's Procuratorate "under the jurisdiction of the crime of corruption and bribery cases, the revised" refers to the specific provisions of criminal law provisions of the crime of corruption and bribery in eighth chapter and other chapters in defined in accordance with the provisions of penal law eighth chapter of the crime of corruption and bribery the conviction and punishment of the crime. The first paragraph of article 163rd, paragraph second, the first paragraph of article 184th and the provisions of article 164th of the criminal jurisdiction by the public security organs.
2, "the Supreme People's court, the Supreme People's Procuratorate, the Ministry of public security, the Ministry of justice, the General Administration of Customs on smuggling investigation organ for the crime of smuggling case in which criminal procedure issues notice":
According to the "Official Reply of the State Council on the anti smuggling police team set up plan" (the country letter (1998) No. 53) and "the general office of the State Council Concerning the establishment of the anti smuggling police team implementation plan" (reply of the state function (1998) No. 52), the General Administration of customs, the Ministry of public security established Smuggling Crime Investigation Bureau, Ministry of public security organization into in sequence, the General Administration of customs. Anti smuggling police is in accordance with the law of criminal cases of Smuggling Investigation, detention, execution of arrest, pre-trial full-time Interpol team, an internal Bureau Smuggling Investigation Bureau is the General Administration of customs, is a sequence of bureau of the Ministry of public security, customs and police practice double vertical leadership, leading to the customs system, in accordance with the customs the unified deployment of anti smuggling work and command, the deployment of police, the execution of a task. Smuggling Crime Investigation Bureau set up a smuggling crime investigation bureau in Guangdong branch and the various customs directly under the customs; smuggling crime investigation bureau in principle in the subordinate Customs Smuggling Investigation Branch establishment. The crime of smuggling investigation organs at all levels are responsible for the Customs within the jurisdiction of the crime of smuggling cases investigation.
In order to guarantee the anti smuggling police team perform their duties according to law, in close coordination with the departments of administrative law enforcement, judicial organs, and effectively increase the combat smuggling crime, now the smuggling investigation organs to handle some problems for smuggling cases of criminal procedure are notified as follows:
A, smuggling investigation organs within the territory of the people's Republic of China on the customs according to law, seizing tax smuggling cases and occurred in the customs supervision zones the smuggling of weapons, ammunition, nuclear materials, counterfeit currency, cultural relics, precious metals, precious animal and its products, rare plants and their products, obscenity, solid waste and drugs non tax related crimes of smuggling case. Accept the customs investigation department, the local public security organs (including the public security border defense department) and industrial and commercial administrative law enforcement departments were transferred to the smuggling crime cases.
Two, the crime of smuggling investigation authorities in the investigation process of the smuggling cases, taken in accordance with law, border control, detention, arrest arrest, surveillance of residence and other measures, and verify the crime of smuggling suspects and crime experience, to the local public security organs shall notify the relevant cooperation, local public security organs, the public security organs shall cooperate with the local. The nationwide Wanted suspect of smuggling crime, border control, request the international criminal police organization or foreign police assistance, and chased the suspect of smuggling crime need to local public security organs to mobilize the police, should be approved and reported to the Ministry of public security.
The crime of smuggling, the investigation organ decides to take bail for the suspect of smuggling crime, should inform the suspect of smuggling crime and transferred to the residence of the public security organ to implement. The criminal was the people's court sentenced to deprivation of political rights, regulation and decided to temporary execution outside prison, parole or probation for the crime of smuggling, performed by the local public security organs.
The crime of smuggling, the investigation organ for handling the case requires the use of technical reconnaissance means, should be strictly in accordance with the relevant provisions, in accordance with the procedures for the examination and approval authority for approval and implementation by the relevant public security organs.
Three