Washington, May 6,
American University of Maryland professor Liu Quansheng is a very learned, the combination of things educator, he is very talkative, and original ideas, and his chat almost is a kind of enjoyment. Liu Quansheng was born in an intellectual family in Shanghai, his father Liu Hangzhi was studying in Moscow Zhongshan University four years, in 1940 time second half period as Shanghai "China Daily" president, in the Shanghai literary and art circles are very active, when the family moved to Hongkong and Taiwan. Liu Quan was born in 1968 received a doctorate in physics from the University of California at Berkeley in 1975 American, served as professor of physics at University of Maryland. In recent years, he has served as vice president of the University of Maryland, and was appointed president of Taiwan "Centre College" for 3 years, recently returned to University of Maryland, when his tenure. Liu Quansheng and some domestic university headmaster relationship is very familiar, they often together to carry out academic exchanges. Recently, the famous professor reporter interviewed the educational circles in American washington.
Chinese University today is most in need of "three gen", that is, the creation of creative, entrepreneurial
Wen Wei Po: you in the America and Chinese Taiwan as president, often shuttling across the Taiwan Strait and America, what do you think is the University China need most today?
Liu: need most is "three gen", namely, the creation of creative, entrepreneurial. The creativity must have new ideas, new design; creation refers to the hands-on ability, new inventions, new technology venture refers to a career. If the former two weak, entrepreneurial almost impossible. Chinese students busy employment more, think less entrepreneurial. There are many USA worth learning things in this area.
The famous Yahoo Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co are the earliest business consists of two college students in Stanford University. Hewlett-Packard Co Hewlett year to apply for a patent but don't know who to look for cooperation, while Packard was trained as an accountant, good at selling, two people together, set up the first high-tech companies in Silicon Valley. In addition, Stanford University offers great help for them. Student entrepreneurship not only solve the employment problems of its own, but also to create wealth and welfare for the people and the society. On the other hand, the product such as the success of the enterprise is HP teaching research and student practice combination. Students take the initiative to study rather than rote learning, through the research to create the passion and power of the teacher, a set of theory and students together, often can have huge benefits.
Innovation is mainly to the need to adapt to the needs of the information age, knowledge innovation. Creativity and innovation is very important. I think, this point of University of Maryland is doing well. The school set up a special "innovation class", is the half of business school students, the other half is engineering college students, put them in the same dorm. Weekly please a venture successful people speak to their entrepreneurial experience, have had mixed success experience. Each semester the students were asked to write a how to construct the enterprise plan, and then participate in the school organization competition. The plan of how to help students understanding the entrepreneurial company, what special technology, what products suitable for the market development and so on. The school organization's commercial competition before the 3 can be 5-10 million bonus, this great encouragement to the students, inspire their entrepreneurial spirit. Now the school has about 10 companies, some companies have money. A good bit of enterprises will be some grants, some is to find their own investment, of course, the school will also help these enterprises to look for outside investment, this project is called "seed investment". That year, Google company and the Microsoft Corp are the first to get sponsorship in the campus was gradually developed.
American University on academic respect than the power of the respect, the headmaster doesn't do can do ordinary Professor, the latter research results more often than the headmaster
Wen: in the Chinese, many professors like when the leader can not only under the. But in the American, many people spent several years as Dean of the college or university president, ask for another when ordinary professor. Why the two countries scholars on this issue in contrast so greatly?
Liu: I would like to give you an example to illustrate the problem. Before and after 1950, the then president of Columbia University USA which later became the USA President Eisenhower, a famous professor of physics at the University Rabi please make a speech in 1944, Rabi is Nobel laureate. Eisenhower in his opening remarks politely said "in many employees (Employee), you can get so important awards, school is very proud of". However, Rabi said: "Dear Mr. President, I am a professor at the school, you are the school employees." This is the concept of American University. The university president is a great leadership, but from the idea, he and other executives even logistics personnel, just as the professor and student services.
Professor of American University, engaged in scientific research and teaching, very respectful of academic, rather than on power respect, this is also very important America social values. If any man has made achievements in professional, even plumbing, fix the lights, as long as he has no ability to others, then he will have American social respect. In the Physics Department of University of Maryland, the existing 4 former headmaster at work, I was one of them. As the president of Harvard University Summers retired, just an ordinary Professor, but people respected him no less. In addition, in America Professor relatively comfortable, freedom also many, their achievements in scientific research