In recent years, a number of lawless elements under various guise, enrollment fraud. Hubei province Zhaoban disclosure eight trick enrollment liar, remind the examinee parents don't fall.
Posing as the university personnel fraud
Cheat themselves as a college admissions officers, lured the candidates to fill volunteer, but stressed the difficulty of admission, suggested that money to help.
Prevent remind: admission to implement on-line admission, not free to recruit students outside the system of enrollment.
The confusion of education form of abduction
Some admissions fraud distinction of network education, adult education, student counseling and self - examination of higher education. After studying their parents pay, not ordinary higher education, but the pilot classes, self-study to teach college preparatory classes or network.
Prevent remind: network education, self-study exam does not require college entrance examination scores can also be studied.
Claims that "low high recorded" trick
Swindlers claiming to be the recruitment of students colleges and universities acquaintances, claiming that there are ways to make up to second batch of fraction line candidates admitted to the first, also can be transferred to the popular professional.
Prevent remind: province manages strictly execute the batch line, do not admit a batch line does not conform to the policies of the candidates. That
"Internal targets deception
Crooks posing as university admissions officers, took out some of the forged documents and blank admission notice, that master "internal targets", parents need to pay a deposit, the deposit fee after decamp.
Prevent remind: province manages the strict implementation of national and provincial issued admission scheme, any person may not have to recruit students to plan and quota.
The so-called "Independent Recruitment" kidnapping
Swindlers claim independent recruitment is not fractional line, spend tens of thousands of yuan can fix.
Prevent remind: the relevant colleges and universities in the education department regulations and publicized by the independent recruitment, all batches of colleges and universities all according to the examinee unified by volunteer admission.
"Directional recruit students" fraud
Cheater boasted can get any university directional recruit students to plan, open outcry, charge "directional fee" racketeer.
Prevent remind: in addition to a small number of ministries of colleges and universities (such as Tsinghua University, Fudan University, etc.) for special industry oriented employment outside Hubei province enrollment plan, not arrange, not receiving the directional employment enrollment plan.
Cheat the illegal recruitment by only a few new mechanism in Colleges and Universities
In recent years, a few independent college enrollment system, free from outside enrollment. Some lawless elements to collect students, promotion to the violation of college enrollment, receive commissions to parents.
Prevent remind: in addition to the provincial Zhaoban, no other organizations or individuals may apply for admission procedures.
Search the admission information deception
During the recruitment of students, some swindlers query candidates Toudang trajectory, this belongs to the normal and Toudang admission, but to the examinee parent report achievement: because he is spending money to smooth relations, the examinee was Toudang or admission.
Prevent remind: understanding recruitment information in a timely manner through the proper channels.
