Circle: afraid of looking for work to continue studying, the higher education is hard to find work
There is a long-standing ""
Guangzhou some key university department of history, the female graduate student small genus of Guangzhou local students, until "five one" long, her in half a year has more than 30 units to submit resume, unpopular units include "interested person rarely, salary is not high", but only in exchange for five units of the interview.
Small the professional history, there are fresh graduates more than 30 people, less than 1/3 has identified the work, mostly boys, a number of excellent female graduate employment "old generation". While 28 undergraduate sister graduating, almost all in the spring after the finalization of the work. Guangzhou a university employment guidance center teacher disclosed to reporters, as of April 1st this year, the school has 91% undergraduate women graduates and carrying out the work, but the graduate female graduate signing rate is not yet six into.
According to the report of the national Ministry of personnel of the employment of college graduates receive a survey, from 2003 to 2005, the employment rate of graduates rose slightly, while students in school during the signing of the employing units and the proportion is decreasing -- down from 76.7% to 40.7% graduate students, undergraduates decreased from 68.2% to 40%, the former than the latter fell more than 8%.
Facing the "age of embarrassment"
The reporter investigates discovery, female graduate students in the job facing embarrassment "age". Almost all of them will be the recruitment unit asked married, some units even put forward clearly "not married" within two years, but this requirement is not in the form of characters appear in the employment contract. Similar to normal professional female graduate students are especially popular.
Hot topics: another year of graduation date draws near, some female university graduates actually hold do better than a good marriage idea busy up marriage. This marriage behavior was dubbed the "curve employment of College students". "Marry a good husband, less than 10 years of struggle" is becoming a part of female college students in the hearts of the slogan. After graduation, let it be me
Small temperature administrative professional fresh female master of a university, are planning to apply to schools to postpone graduation year, and consider if still difficult to find work, will continue to enroll in dr.. She said: "in the job on the road, the level of the male and female study students is difficult to compete on the same scratch line, but his hope in a higher starting point." Therefore, a master reading Dr., some female graduate students become helpless choice. The problem is that, according to the current educational system, master degree of twenty-six, PhD has been nearly thirty years, female graduate students just in marriage and birth peak, employers have to have scruples.
The existence of "job cycle"
In this regard, a Human Resources Inc and a senior business director said, female master female doctors seemed to enter the "job circle": because of hard to find a job while reading the following read Bo, but more to read, more difficult to find a job.
Female graduate students a variety of difficult job, has been paid close attention to by the society. China Academy of labor and social security research center director Zhang Chewei think, female graduate job encounter age and sex discrimination, because now the job market is a "buyer's market", the employing units in a good position, female graduate job seekers I very difficult to have as, should appeal to the country as soon as possible in view of gender discrimination and the problem of age legislation.
Editor: Su Lin
