Xinhua net Beijing on 8 May,
Take pride in being honest and trustworthy, ashamed to forget honour at the prospect of profits. In the human moral system, the concept of integrity is one of the most important basic concepts. In recent years, the state departments and agencies have established policies, strengthen the propaganda, and strive to build the credit system.
In 2006, the National Tourism Bureau to regulations construction as the key point, and gradually establish a tourism credit system framework, comprehensively promote the construction of tourism credit system. Adopt a variety of measures, vigorously carry out the construction of tourism credit system, standardize the order of the tourism market. The construction of good faith basic information database, regular publicity travel, Star Hotel, guides the punishment; the formulation of "good faith travel agency" standard, making for outbound tourism contract model; combining Star Hotel Hotel Review and integrity of work, more complaints hotel for processing; the organization of various tourism association to actively carry out the construction of honesty and self-discipline, jointly launched the "integrity to build" enterprise activities.
From the State Administration of taxation data shows, in recent years, in the community's support, the whole social trustworthiness in paying tax by law consciousness unceasingly strengthens, especially the taxpayer tax compliance degrees continuously improve. "Fifteen" period, a total of 10921700000000 yuan (not including tax tariffs and agricultural tax), the average annual growth of 19.5%.
Director of the State Administration of Taxation said Xie Xuren, a social credit degree is high, economy to run more smoothly; the lower the credit degree is, the higher the cost of economic operation. The tax authorities will make great efforts to establish and perfect the tax credit, tax credit combination of tax credit system, to encourage and promote the taxpayer trustworthiness in paying tax by law, to create a social environment of good faith tax payment according to law.
"In malls and shops without fake" activities carried out since 1995, has entered the Eleventh year. At present, relevant departments of the central government has announced a demonstration of more than 80 "in malls and shops without fake" street activity, home to more than 300 model shop, the country also released a number of model street, model shop. These street demonstration and model shop to provide quality services and to establish the industry style in resist the fake and shoddy goods, purify the market environment, and play a good demonstration role.
In addition, also need to improve the relevant laws and regulations to build credit system. China University of Political Science and Law professor Jiang Ping think, the growth of the company needs a good social credit environment, so China requires the establishment of social credit system, the accumulation of company theory and culture, and penetration to the entrepreneurs and employees daily behavior.
It is reported, the SASAC of the State Council in recent years since the implementation of general law consultant system central backbone enterprises, the central enterprises 167 households in 120 households have established legal affairs agencies, the central enterprises lawfully decision-making, management, in accordance with the law of all kinds of economic disputes in accordance with the law and legal cases in accordance with the law, safeguard their legitimate rights and interests of the work system gradually formed.
&amp;nbsp;
