Do the best
The college entrance examination each year, there are many students because misfired and university admission notice just miss the person or opportunity. Investigate its reason, or psychological quality doesn't pass, although each person's psychological bearing capacity difference, but if the strengthening of some psychological training from now on, there will be conducive to the entrance of the normal play.
Must have a correct understanding of college entrance examination. For those who suffer from stage fright candidates, mostly because of the college entrance examination this thing too seriously. Candidates are advised to spend more time doing psychological hint, for example: "I was facing what event? What is my faith in college entrance examination? Emotional instability is what? What is fair? What is not reasonable? "
Tell yourself, college entrance examination is a common examination, as long as the best is enough, those who fear and worry is redundant. Ten thousand steps back, even if I fail, the life also can still. Usually do not result of the simulated test requirements are too high, it is best not to go to the pursuit of extraordinary play.
8 minus 1 is greater than 8
College entrance examination arrhythmia mostly because of a strained, so we must learn to be in nervous looking relaxed feeling before a few months, usual review not too hard. The so-called 8 minus 1 is greater than 8, the meaning is to pay attention to work and rest. If learning every day 8 hours, as study 7 hours a day and 1 hours sleep. The rest can be walking, swimming, take a nap, watch a ball game, watching extracurricular books etc.. If all day is learning, memorizing words, often make people confused, sometimes feel more and more have no confidence. Go to bed every night the best 10 points, the latest not more than 12. After getting up in the morning should be proper exercise, should be at least one day of rest per week.
In order to alleviate the college entrance examination anxiety and other emotions, and some concrete implementation method, such as read a book while listening to the light music, shouting "ah", think of the happy things.
Adjust the rest
Take every test for college entrance examination. Before the deep breath, inhale exhale after a few times, can alleviate the fear. Develop good sleep habits, bedtime learn to empty the brain, what all don't want to, this can help you before the college entrance examination, unapt because of insomnia affect the entrance to play.
Before the college entrance examination and college entrance examination as to the time of work and rest, let himself to the college entrance examination timetable.
