[Topic]
Please refer to the "simple" as the topic, write an article, shows a custom, since the topic, style choice, no less than 800 words.
[exercise] friends
Simple
Dragonfly (2006-05-06 23:21:57)
The wind, it in several old trees are happy to shuttle between, no one can understand that it's shape, because it is simple. It is as empty as a piece of white paper, no one above it with color......
Fresh wind will only live in beautiful surroundings, because there is no bother cars and factories, it will hundreds of years like a day, quietly busy in the mountains into a piece of wild herbs in...... Until his arrival.
Like a child growing up in the mountains -- simple wind. A few years like a day of busy in the vegetable plots in the mountains, no one had ever seen the books, more no one had ever seen the teacher.
Chen was the first to teach in the teachers there, he witnessed the mountains at all, but chose to stay. He said, he was also a child growing up in the mountains, but he had never seen anything so poor, and the city has almost no exchange place, he knew a used to live in the city, yet so determined to what will be the result, but he still intends to stay -- first teach a year, have a look.
The mountain which lived the child, also "live" with the wind, the wind is very simple, the children also like. They could travel through the Jing Ze; they can be in the weeds and swept across the river; can; can climb seemingly no way mountain, but when they face is at school, most children are silent. Their minds are not figured out what the myriads of changes of reason, just, do not agree with the family -- really too poor, too poor, parents worry about their children every day over the mountain and go eat less, but also, and not enough food in the house. Most people may think too much, because, knowledge is great for the children of the temptation.
Can say, Chen changed their lives -- the first teacher in life run for their enlightenment. He paid, may be he never had to pay huge energy: he will rise strong in solitude, (edited, self-made teaching aids, eat simple food,) and then continuously motivate children, inspire them, and tell them: "you are not poor than other people!" Is he a sentence of words spoken from the heart, is a "miracle"...... Chen said: "it is the children (Chun Pu) eyes so that he could not avoid their responsibility."
It's hard to say, what is the force in the inner drives him, also brought the children, in such a harsh environment, also must persist, persist, persist in? Perhaps, seemingly twists and turns of the story just because one of the most simple idea......
No one asked what they must do, but they have been quietly doing.
Maybe, just because of the simple.
Fresh wind shuttle in several old trees between happy......
[online comments]
This is a one word type of topic composition. Write this type of writing, to be good at Lenovo, the topic to the specific scene "by", there are generally three kinds of methods: one is reducing method, such as narrow as "Xiao Li; the simple" use the contact method, such as "simple but not simple"; with the judgment method, "simple is beauty" to regulate their own ideas. This paper is using the shrinking method, wind generally simple teachers and students. The selection, to the remote village as the background, typical material; to survive in the harsh environment of the teachers and students, and positive as theme; narrative, this paper describes the scenery and simple clean, and to teachers and students' activities in harmony together, achieve the effect of add radiance and beauty to each other; a composition on the topic changed to "simple wind" is more ideal; although Chen the teacher's image is also slightly thin, but this article is well written.
&amp;nbsp;
Source: B flat composition of the university entrance exam online
