The first page of &amp;nbsp;
Promoting the informationization of the national economy
Push for the "three rural" information service. The use of public network, using a variety of means of access, to farmers can afford the price, improving the popularization rate of rural network. The integration of information resources of agriculture, regulate and improve the public welfare information intermediary service, information service system of urban and rural construction, provide applicable market, science and technology, education, health care and other information services for farmers, the rational and orderly flow of rural surplus labor support.
Improving the traditional industry by information technology. To promote the popularization and application of information technology in the energy, transportation, metallurgy, machinery and chemical industry, promote the design research and development information, digitalization of production equipment, production process and management of intelligent network. Make full use of information technology to promote the transformation of high energy consumption, high material consumption and high pollution industries. Promote the supply chain management and customer relationship management, and vigorously support the small and medium-sized enterprise informationization.
To speed up the service industry informatization. Optimizing the policy environment, relying on the information network, to transform and upgrade traditional service industry. Accelerate the development of value-added network service, electronic finance, modern logistics, chain operation, professional information services, consulting and agency and other new services. Vigorously develop e-commerce, reduce logistics cost and transaction cost.
Encourage qualified region to lead the development of the knowledge intensive industry. Guide the personnel intensive, information-based foundation good region to lead the development of the knowledge intensive industry, promote strategic adjustment of the economic structure. Make full use of information technology, speeding up the diffusion of knowledge and technology in the eastern region to the central and western regions, to create a new situation of regional coordinated development.
The implementation of E-government
Improving the public service. Gradually establish to citizens and businesses for the public service system of e-government, the object based on the Internet, which is matched with a variety of technical means, the central and local governments combined. The importance of E-government public services extend to the streets, communities and villages. Gradually increase the service content, expand the scope of services, improve service quality, promote the construction of service type government.
To strengthen the social management. The integration of resources, the formation of social management information network full coverage, high sensitive, strengthen the comprehensive management of social ability. Collaborative construction, improve the network operation mechanism of social early warning and emergency response to emergencies, enhance the monitoring, decision making and emergency handling ability, to protect national security, public security, maintaining social stability.
Strengthen the comprehensive regulation. Meet the transformation of government functions, improve administrative efficiency, standardize regulatory behavior demand, deepening the construction of the corresponding service system. Around the property
Political, financial, taxation, industry and commerce, customs, quality inspection, supervision, food and drug safety and other key business, overall planning, classification guidance, promote the orderly, relevant business system between the central and local information sharing, and promote inter departmental business collaboration, improve the supervision ability. The construction of enterprise credit system, personal, regulating and maintaining the market order.
Improve macroeconomic control. Perfect information system of fiscal, financial and other economic operation, enhancing economic forecasting, early warning and monitoring level, enhance the scientific and effective macroeconomic regulation decision-making.
The construction of advanced network culture
Strengthen the online dissemination of socialist advanced culture. Firmly grasp the direction of socialist advanced culture, support healthy and useful culture, digitization, network to accelerate the Chinese excellent cultural works, standardize network culture communication order, make the scientific theory, the correct public opinion, noble spirit, excellent works become mainstream online culture communication.
Improve public cultural information service. The press and publishing, radio, film and television encourages literature and art industry speed up the pace of information technology, improve the quality of cultural products, strengthen the supply ability of cultural products. To speed up the integration of culture and information resources, strengthen public cultural information infrastructure construction, improve the public information service system, the cultural products sent to thousands of households, enrich the cultural life of the masses at the grassroots level.
Strengthen the publicity and cultural exchange. The integration of the Internet resources to improve the construction of external publicity, the Internet publicity system, and continuously improve the overall level of Internet publicity work, continuing to enhance the publicity effect, expand the international influence of the excellent culture of the Chinese nation.
Positive and healthy network culture construction. Advocate network civilization, strengthening the network moral constraints, establish and improve the network behavior standard, and actively guide the masses of network culture creation practice, consciously resist the erosion of bad content, abandon the network abuse and vulgar wind, the comprehensive construction of a positive and healthy network culture.
Development of social informationization
Accelerated study in education informatization. Promoting the basic education, higher education and occupation education informatization level, continue to promote modern distance education in rural areas, to realize the sharing of high-quality education resources, promote the balanced development of education. The construction of lifelong education system, to develop a multi-level, interactive network education and training system, convenient citizen autonomous learning. Establish and improve the national education and research infrastructure network platform, improve equipment utilization of network education and scientific research level, to promote education and research resources sharing.
To strengthen the medical health informatization construction. The construction and improvement of public health information system covering the whole country, fast and efficient, strengthen epidemic prevention and monitoring, emergency disposal and treatment capacity. Promoting the medical service information, to improve hospital management, telemedicine. The overall planning of electronic medical records, medical, pharmaceutical and health promotion