We are facing an era of knowledge economy, the development of the society is gradually changing the relation between teaching and learning, where we can foresee the future, the teacher will go down "preaching" level, the main body of teaching and learning, will in reality to the students, the teacher's role is changing fundamentally.
The era of knowledge economy, knowledge from capacity, difficulty, update cycle and channels to obtain information has changed a lot, which has put forward the new requirements for education, teaching, traditional role of teachers as knowledge of the already shaken. Want to be in the limited teaching time will all the knowledge to students has not been possible, nor necessary. For teachers, students as simply will instill knowledge object behavioral learning era is over, and the emphasis should be placed on the cognition, is the study of the students inner psychological process, continue to stimulate the students' enthusiasm and wisdom, training students to learn to cognitive ability.
At this time, in order to explore the practice of inquiry teaching in middle school mathematics teaching, we in the mathematics teaching of TI graphics calculator is developed and applied research.
"Constructivism" emphasis on learning "Scene", scene must be conducive to the nature, as well as students of law of things of learning contents of the inner links of construction, and each knowledge point extension extension. This is about mathematics and puts forward new requirements, should not only consider the analysis of the teaching of the target itself is reasonable, more need to select appropriate tools to improve efficiency, enhance the effect of graphic calculator, and become one of the best choice.
In summary, the graphic calculator is the realization of education reform is to realize the propeller; students autonomous learning and a tool for practical application of mathematical processing of various disciplinary problems or various application problems.
The following use case to describe the graphic calculator advantage.
A parabola with downward opening, mathematical insight in student Nike trademark become an important function of y=ax+, also became the students to capture the object. The actual model, pen will they mimicked was not very difficult, but the function of the use of knowledge by graphic calculator to painting, is not so simple to imagine.
¡¡¡¡