If you get a pot of Mimosa, fingers gently touched it, the pairs of the fine lined with feather shaped small leaves immediately merged. To touch lightly, it combined with slow, scope is little also, slightly to touch it with some force, combined leaves would all quickly "shy" in a few seconds. Even its stem looked down shyly. After a period of time, it will slowly restitution.
Mimosa why such strange phenomenon?
It tracks the Mimosa home, can understand. Mimosa's home in Brazil of South America, it is the tropical area, the plant will often have a dangerous situation attacks, if not in Mimosa just met the first drop of rain or the first gust when it leaves together, and made the petiole falls down, then, it will be a delicate leaves by the relentless destruction of mighty storm. Through the long years of development and selection, to adapt to the environment of the plant tenaciously survive, the weak will be eliminated. Mimosa has formed the special skills, can be said that it is "bright" to defend himself.
Mimosa in after being stimulated in the fastest time of the "notice" to all the leaf and petiole. One study found that Mimosa convey the stimulation rate of about 10 cm per minute, up to 50 cm stem convey stimulation near petiole and leaf blade. Moreover, whether by hand to touch, or use ice to touch it, or even with a match flame from the leaves back to close it, all these incentives will make the Mimosa immediately "shy" to close up sagging.
Observe carefully, you can see the connected in Mimosa leaves and petiole, stem and petiole parts have a look swollen part, it is the Mimosa response to stimulation is the most sensitive area, called leaf pillow. In the petiole is filled with water, and keep the great pressure. When you use your fingers to touch the Mimosa, occipital lower cell in the water, immediately to the upper stream and on both sides, so leaf pillow upper drum up while the lower half is sunken, petiole is down. Petiole is the original light green, when the shy droop, petiole color immediately deepen, turn dark green, this is because the cause of water dispersed flow open.
Because Mimosa will shy, it has been widely throughout the cultivation in China as interesting, ornamental plants.
&amp;nbsp;
Source: high school biology resource network
