British scientists have discovered, covered by thick ice of the Antarctic lakes lake connected, forming a huge underground river system. Because the Antarctic lakes between each other is not the isolated state people have imagined, for any lake drilling could lead to the water pollution, so the scientists called for careful exploration of antarctica.
University of London, University of Bristol, University of Cambridge and the association of natural environment research scientists, using the European Space Agency's ERS-2 satellite on a region of the East Antarctic were measured with high precision after the discovery, the surface area apart several hundreds of kilometers of height will appear synchronous change. Scientists think, water movement may be the only reasonable explanation of this phenomenon. In most cases, underneath the ice river water through infiltration slow motion, once the pressure is too large, will flood into the other lakes, river will down to. Led the research at University of London Duncan &amp;#8226; Wenger Hamm professor thinks, this kind of situation is a bit like a toilet, after a period of time there will be a lot of water flow.
Scientists had previously thought, the Antarctic lake has been frozen for hundreds of years, between each other in isolation, which is likely to exist some independent evolution of special species of life for hundreds of years. USA NASA and Russian Academy of Sciences had planned a sampling of Antarctic lake, looking for signs of life existence. Scientific research team composed of 14 British university and research, combined with Chile, Sweden, Belgium, Germany, America and New Zealand scientists of our country has also proposed to the western Antarctic Ayers Wirth Lake exploration sampling. Duncan &amp;#8226; Wenger Hamm professor called for, in view of the latest research results of the Antarctic, it is necessary to re consider the relevant international Antarctic exploration project, because the sampling work for any one of the Antarctic lake, not only pollute an Antarctic lake, may have influence on the entire Antarctic water.
&amp;nbsp;
Source: Science and Technology Daily