Minister of Education Zhou Ji (file photo)
Minister of Education Zhou Ji said recently, yet the overall change tendency of examination oriented education, comprehensively promote quality education on the whole is still difficult, arduous task. He emphasizes, efforts should be made to explore and establish consistent with the requirements of quality education entrance examination and evaluation system, and gradually change the examination scores as the only evaluation standard practice. [full text]
Purpose: we should pay special attention to "quality education"
The Ministry of Education issued in 2006 work focus on efforts to increase the quality of Education
Zhou: the overall advancement of culture quality education in Colleges and Universities
Zhou: quality education is the "big" issue hard it is to advance
As a first-line high school teacher, I can't as Minister of education "the truth" and moved, sing so many years of "quality education" drama, the original only exam oriented education cheongsam changed a paste shining "quality brand" costumes "tendencies have not only, the overall change from exam oriented education".
So, who is "flicker" Chinese people, said the gigantic education rang is beating the drums in the early years ago? And who told us to take an oath devoutly in theory: in fact, quality education and examination oriented education is one family, make the examination is the quality education? Those in primary school blossom everywhere "quality education achievements exhibition", "quality education classes", "quality education" phenomenon is how in the media on the stage?
The original really is "a game a dream" only, as the Ministry of education on the current situation of Chinese education judgment on a "fairy descend to the world", we make out a good case for those struggling in theory and practice as lead wrong award children, not just embarrassed? I just want to say, in the appreciation of the Minister of education discourse rational at the same time, the minister's words also let a person heart pull pull cool cool.
Status: we have not abandoned the "examination oriented education"
To explain why the exam oriented education intensified (Figure)
Zhou: not yet generally change the exam oriented education tendency
I also feel wronged for my colleagues, the minister said this is "thinking and work to prepare some principals, the lack of teachers" college entrance examination results, but in a lifelong present in graduation rates and bonuses is proportional to the cruel world, our best minds and the reality is to prepare set the alarm clock for five points, scoring ten points to sleep, and if this is called awareness is not high, it can only ask Sun Wukong to teach.
The ten great evils of exam oriented education has
Netizen: (entering) speech message area
1, the quality of education is the value of the process rather than results; quality education does not mean that everyone can answer Y questions and accept Wang Xiao Li of ridicule, quality education is more teach face life, face the world, face the life method, rather than give abundant conclusion; examination, must be hand quality education, no exam education is lazy people's fantasies, examination of IQ and volition are direct test.
2, I was the rural primary school teachers, the Ministry of education all day with a big trumpet call and call quality education that yes, the textbook is the quality of education, exercise less, learn less, pretty quality. But don't set outside materials, but don't increase the burden of students. But the final exam ban books did not run out. The annual performance evaluation of the teachers, for the first time the scores of all evaluation, teacher preparation according to the selection of test scores. What is the quality of education, change, killed our teacher. When the Minister of education you speak these words have not considered the situation in the countryside. There is no personally to grassroots to have a look, to touch the bottom. See foreign quality you quality, there is no mistake.
3, now an officer of the schooling of their children in the city, are in a key middle school. So the key middle school can make up a missed lesson, overtime, the so-called examination oriented education. While the majority of rural middle school, an officer is required to implement the quality education to the so-called, or you'll be held responsible. Why can the city key middle school and rural high school no.. It wasn't their children in the study. They are not afraid of their children to university. The rural migrant children it's none of their business. And this is their big government.
&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; 4, what is the quality of education? Just learn a trade? Exercise any power? Develop a spirit? Now look at quality education conducted around the variety, it is ironic. Evaluation of quality education "results", more turn one's stomach at! Under the banner of the implementation of quality education, the education is poor: student achievement in serious decline, various ability decreased significantly, problem students doubled... Even the old people say "this years graduate students, secondary school students also than in the past!" It's really a shame!
"" to enter the forum about "we are 'exam oriented education to the' change 'quality education'"
Editor: Su Lin
