The first page of &amp;nbsp;
Blood group (blood groups)
In a genetic trait blood antigen form. In a narrow sense, refers to differences in blood red cell antigen in between individuals; but now know in addition to red blood cells, white blood cells, platelets and in plasma proteins, individual differences also exist between antigen. Therefore, the generalized difference including blood group antigen in blood components between individuals. Blood type in anthropology, genetics, forensic science, clinical medicine and other disciplines have widely practical value, so it has important theoretical and practical significance.
Blood group system
Red blood cell is in 1900 by the Austria K. Rand Steiner found. He put everyone's red cells were serum cross mix with others, found some blood agglutination occurs between, some not. He thought that all agglutination, have a kind of antigens on red blood cells, there is a kind of antibody in serum. Such as antigen and antibody specific corresponding relationship, it happened agglutination reaction. Such as red blood cells with A antigen, A antibody in serum, will occur together. If the red blood cells lack a certain antigen in serum, or lack of antibody with the corresponding, will not happen agglutination. According to the principle he found ABO blood type. Then he put the different human red blood cells were injected into rabbits, produced 3 kinds of autoimmune antibodies in the serum of rabbit, named M antibody, N antibody and P antibody. With these 3 antibodies, and can determine the red blood cells of 3 new antigen. These new antigen and ABO blood type is independent, independent inheritance, is another blood group system. And M, N and P is not a system. The control of different blood group system of blood group genes on different chromosomes, even on a chromosome, gene loci of two systems too far apart, not a chain of relations, is therefore independent of genetic.
Some blood group antibody is incomplete antibody, and combined with the corresponding antigen cells do not see the agglutination phenomenon in serum antibodies, but not easy to find. In 1945 the anti human globulin test applied to blood group examination, this test can check the incomplete antibody, since then, many blood group antigens have been found. Whenever a new antigen will determine this antigen and have found that blood is what relation, so in the human red blood cells has identified a number of blood group system. In addition, there are a number of antigen, or because of its appearance in the group of the frequency is too high, or because of its distribution in the population of the frequency is too low, for they cannot perform genetic analysis. In the absence of genetic relationship clear them before, put these antigens were called the high frequency and low frequency antigen antigen, for their ownership remains to be determined.
Red cell blood group antigen
The red cell membrane with 3 proteins: glycoprotein, simple proteins and membrane proteins. Some prominent red cell antigen on the cell surface, like a stretched out on the ground of the branches, such as ABH antigen; some embedded in the cell membrane, such as Rh antigen. Antigen and antibody reaction part, called the antigenic determinant. Blood group antigen decided to form clusters of chemistry, and some have been clear, but most don't know. Some blood types exist soluble antigen in the body fluids, called blood group substance. ABH and Lewis blood group substance is separated from the human body is a glycoprotein, namely in the peptide skeleton is connected with the side chain of some sugar, the sugar chain is the specificity determinant. Specific ABH and Lewis blood group substance determinants are very similar, only in the sugar chain type of individual sugars or with a sugar due to the presence of different positions, showing different specificity. For example, A and B antigen specificity, just in the sugar chain having a sugar is not the same, it shows a different specificity. The A epitope is a N- terminal N-acetylgalactosamine in the sugar chain, while B epitopes in the sugar chain end is a D- galactose
The ABH antigen on red blood cells and humoral determinants, although the antigenic determinants of sugar chain structure is the same, but different connected skeleton. Sugar chain on red blood cells are combined together by sphingosine and fatty acid, and not with the protein together, so the ABH antigen on red blood cells are glycolipid instead of glycoprotein.
MN, P and I blood group antigenic determinant is carbohydrate. Rh epitope may be protein, because red blood cells by hydrogen sulfide, urea and protease treatment, Rh activity will disappear.
There are some blood group antibodies, such as anti IH, anti IA, anti IB, anti IP1, reacted only with I antigen and another antigen, but not with only one antigen reaction. To illustrate these antigens for complex antigen, with two specificity in a molecule.
Lewis blood group antigen is actually in plasma antigen, Lewis antigen on red blood cells from plasma adsorption is to. I antigen in secretion in spite of soluble antigen, but not present in plasma. In addition, some blood types are the presence of soluble antigen in the plasma, secretion but not in. Bg antigen is the actual leukocyte antigen, possibly from white cells shed into blood plasma, and then from plasma adsorption to red blood cells, the performance for the red blood cell antigen. The fourth component of complement of plasma and Chido blood group antigens and Rodger blood group in (C4) on. Analysis of the human C4 by electrophoresis method, we can see 3 types: swimming fast (F); swimming slow (S); the speed of the two ingredients are some (FS). Only the F component in human plasma, Rodger antigens on red blood cells. Only the S component of the Chi people, there are red blood cells