From the Hubei province zhigai ban was informed that, from this year, professional and technical personnel of Hubei province rural basic level, below the county part of the special difficult industry professional title, no longer need to foreign language, computer examination in uniform, but only to participate in foreign language, computer knowledge training difficulty lower (May 8th "Chutian Metropolis Daily").
The title test, is widely over the years people are talking about the topic. Over the years, to declare title "make it rigidly uniform" people of every evaluation of compulsory, resulting in English, computer examination, become the state organs and institutions of the national movement.
Provoke controversy the title foreign language test how not to die in one's bed?
Display people.com.cn survey, there are more than nine people think should cancel the title foreign language test. But most experts do not support this view. There are personnel experts said, the current title system has been gradually reform, established the capability and performance assessment criteria, the title foreign language test should also do not "make it rigidly uniform", not "a pattern", "still have the necessary foreign language examination, but the standard is to regard the different positions and professional and." [Read the whole passage]
Indeed, in the context of globalization today, language is the effective tool to understand the world, foreign exchanges; professional and technical personnel on the part of industry in all, master certain knowledge of a foreign language is necessary. However, learning a foreign language can not use this "time consuming and inefficient" exam mode, also does not need the talents in all walks of life, all kinds of professional have reached a certain level, more should not become a necessary condition for evaluating professional titles. As the Austria diplomat Joseph Stojan said: "in Austria, but must use the foreign language work, no hard and fast rules through the foreign language requirements must be closed before such a promotion. If a task does not need the language, why it should be the prerequisites?"
Related reading: Title English exam "make it rigidly uniform" questioned
The reporters also met a Zhongshan University associate professor of politics and He Liping of The Institute of Public Administration in the examination room. His English has been very good, in order to declare high title, but also have to take a foreign language examination. He thinks, current issues of the title foreign language test is the most obvious, professional and technical level of foreign language test can not be a true measure of the declaration of the title, a person's language level is low, the lack of professional level is not necessarily the same, foreign language level, Gao Ye could not explain its professional level a prominent. (Read the whole passage)
Must see, in some areas, the negative effect of the exam of the "threshold" generated even more than the positive effect. Take those in rural basic level of professional and technical personnel, in order to meet the test is time-consuming to learn a foreign language, judge on the title after it was the language aside, the apparently modest significance.
Related reading: new measures of Hubei professional titles reform to perfect the system of standardized operation and improve service
The 28 day, province the reform of professional title and the "double first" commendation conference in the deployment of the work of this year, in order to establish the ability of performance oriented, Wenshen propulsion of reform ideas, and launched new initiatives in a number of reform. New measures this year title reform mainly in: broaden the talent evaluation "Easy Access". Do a good job in economic, statistics, accounting, auditing and 4 professional review senior professional title declaration, review and special audits; the research and exploration of private organization highlighted the contribution of personnel, direct declaration review senior economist policy measures; below the county rural grassroots and part of the special difficult industry professional and technical personnel of foreign language, computer should be aware of the knowledge organize and carry out training etc.. Promulgated and issued "Hubei province implementation of professional and technical qualifications of quantitative appraisal opinions" and other documents work, adhere to the ability of performance oriented, specification of the jury management, strengthen supervision of the work of professional post examination, strengthen the professional and technical post structural proportion and post setting management. In the condition of mature industries (post) for professional and technical level certification pilot, at the same time to explore the establishment and national qualification system matching the local occupation qualification system. (Read the whole passage)
The practice of Hubei Province, no doubt to the reform of title examination provides a thought: can let those with English, computer and other independent professionals exemption. Foreign language, computer level, does not necessarily represent professional level. Here, the author suggests that in addition to specific industry, posts, cancel the title promotion of foreign language, computer level requirement.
(source: in the Ji'nan times)
