&amp;nbsp; - era in urgent need of education philosophy: management of human nature
Preface: teachers should be "the human operators" and "the human operators" teach methods engineer. The nature of this occupation is the teachers "management of human nature."
- era in urgent need of education philosophy: management of human nature
As of twenty-first Century, in the market economy and the knowledge economy tide, people will be able to profit outside all things are operated throughout, legitimate savvy tastemakers have opened up new business areas rack sth., I do not know they have to think of ourselves is a big treasure letter to be development business -- that is human nature. "The doctrine of the mean" says: "Heaven endowed, straightforward call a way, path is called instruction", visible, "" in the "Dao" first, "" finally through the "teaching" to promote and management. Teachers should therefore is a pioneer in this sphere, and teachers should be the human operators and the teaching of "the human operators" methods engineer. The essence of this occupation teachers lies in the "management of human nature".
Teachers how to teach students "management of human nature" of the law
First of all, arouse students "management of human nature" consciousness ", will teach the human operators" concept to the students, so that students from the spontaneous change the face of human nature consciously exist; secondly, guiding students to explore various situation in deep human nature, and human nature under the condition and the corresponding performance records...... (full text)
Human nature, before some people will be two categories into nature and society, and that the former refers to people with normal feelings and reason, the latter which is formed in a certain social system and under certain historical conditions of the human nature, but it is difficult to draw a clear distinction between the two, dilute this difference in this. Or say, here is the study of the organic unity of the two.
The famous novelist, Mr. Jin Yong said, the human society can be the myriads of changes, interpersonal relationships can be different with the time complexity of human nature, but no matter what age there was little change. Perhaps this speaks to human deep features. Throughout history, a variety of age have all-powerful success, there are also hidden Lun silent latent sting without a single success of the. They are the biggest difference is not outside, but in themselves, that they will not operate on their own and others' human nature.
The so-called management of human nature, is a person's self as the research object, with the development of people and things of success as the goal, by using the method of inductive statistics, for a large number of people in a variety of different circumstances show human nature (such as love, hate, good, evil, willing to communicate with people, hate, anger, mercy lust, etc.) for deep excavation, summarizes the human base, then on human performance and optimizing the allocation of regrouping, let people benefit from it. For example, if you are a teacher, met a poor academic performance in management and are unwilling to play with you students, do not angry, you'd better do something to move him, shake his heart, gradually he will play with you. Here you get rid of the ordinary people in the face of such students angry mood this point of human nature, but took out you have that moved the humanity, the facts will prove that human nature is your business success. When you are tired one day to come home from school late, found the home with a birthday cake on the table, remembered it was his wife's birthday, and now his wife has been in your ear to talk to you to come home so late, you will be you a stomach complaint humanity show or a little white lie says he is in the street to buy a gift for you but not find satisfactory? Here if you use the lie of this human, you succeed.
The history of the great overlord, often is to be good at the human operators, Liu Bang's "husband logistics policy drapery, winning thousands of miles away in my country, than ovary; town, people ask, feed rates, not pay, I not as good as Xiao He; even million army, win the war, the attack will take, we Han Xin. The three, all personality has, I can use, so this we take the world "this also made a wonderful comment. "The early Han Sanjie" have attractions, this three people why not used by Xiang Yu, and only used by Liu Bang? Liu Bang is good at the human operators also! If he is not good at the human operators, fled to Han Xin or to escape. Liu Bang finally do not forget the loss of Xiang Yu saying: "Xiang Yu has a fan Zeng and can not be used, this is my mission and its so", this is not good at managing the consequences of human nature.
Good at managing the characteristics of human nature
Have full understanding of human nature, always active part in human nature to show their ability to communicate with others, so he is very strong; but put humanity in the negative part consciously discard, or transferred to face their own rival, and he almost everything invincible...... (full text)
Business is business, in order to make a profit; the human nature management, in order to succeed. Business management, pay attention to the exchange of equal value, a penny goods; and the human nature management, do not pay attention to "etc., in the face of exchange" sarcastic with lip, in the face of despair showed shrink, face flowers wine show get dizzy with success, in the face of glory, splendour, wealth and rank appearing greedy to enjoy, not a wise behavior. The vast majority of cases at the human operators in the current state is shown "etc. non exchange", but it would bring huge late success.
Good management of human nature is equivalent to have a huge intangible asset, is to have success at Palace tickets, for teachers in the teaching of basic good through this method will be for students.
