The first page of &amp;nbsp;
&amp;nbsp;
The famous historian Mr. Zheng Tianting how to improve history teaching in primary school to university by this, there is a vivid metaphor.
He said: "the primary school is a point, a line is junior high school, high school is a surface, the university is stereo." [1]
The so-called "surface", refers to reveal the historical internal relation, analysis and evaluation of a certain depth. Only in this way, the teaching of history is only possible to broaden and deepen university. The current high school history textbooks in the content of the book layout, more attention and junior high school textbooks are different, slightly process, analysis of the characteristics of the heavy theory, pay more attention to the multilayer surface spread history. Senior high school teaching in junior middle school teaching, not only have the textbook changes, should have more classroom teaching update.
Junior high school textbooks in senior high school is based on lectures, textbooks is relying on the lecture. "According to" a "support", the high school history teaching the "height" is displayed. High school history teaching in the teachers ideas, textbooks and lectures should be relative, and not the same, the intention is to transform the visual angle of history, causing discussion questions in the history of interest, cultivate the ability of analysis and evaluation, the deep knowledge retained in the memory. In this regard, taking the teaching scope Chinese modern history of the three point understanding to it.
A, content processing have sight
The content of textbooks without processing cutting in a lecture, some would add, add new content, the charm of teachers are from the performance out of control and treatment knowledge professional knowledge intensive. Put forward higher request to the teaching of high school history teaching content, need more according to a large amount of information, the theoretical analysis of the high level of teaching orientation, Bo concept about to take, the textbook content into a successful lecture system. "The lecture system" has no fixed pattern, make up, each interpretation. Following Jane cite three cases, talk about my humble opinion.
First, focus on the whole content processing. High school history textbook of modern China (hereinafter referred to as the narrative and the junior middle school to high school) Xin Hai revolution this comparison, are based on the establishment of the Republic of China as the center, according to the revolution, the development process as the main clues, introduced in the late Qing Dynasty
11
Years of history. Senior high school classroom instruction is necessary to make a depth adjustment, or is the only junior high school lectures repeat, it is difficult to improve the level of. At the end of the Qing Dynasty history, if starting from the relations of reform and revolution in late Qing Dynasty, the full range of about the upheaval in the specific historical conditions of the late Qing Dynasty, will more effectively produce the 1911 Revolution and the Democratic Republic is a tremendous progress in the Chinese society, is the inevitable outcome of historical development.
This idea is consistent with the teaching of history. In addition to the Qing court dignitaries in the late Qing Dynasty, there are three major political forces, namely the constitutionalists greatly influence the Han bureaucrats, social power and strength of the growing revolutionary, fluctuation contest between them and each other forces, determines the development of the current situation. Three political forces combined for two shares of social trends: one is the reform trend, is the new deal in the late Qing Dynasty and the constitutionalism; a revolution is the trend of the democratic revolution, was the rise of the movement and development. Two strands of social trends impact results, showing a very clear historical trajectory
----
Times call for the revolution. The revolution of 1911 is an unprecedented isolated in the Qing Dynasty, the Constitutional Future of despair, the occurrence of the constitutionalists rapid differentiation of the situation. Such teaching ideas and also the textbook narrative anastomosis. The evaluation of high school in late Qing constitutionalists activities and constitutionalism, increased in weight, change of content. It also requires the new deal of the late Qing Dynasty and the constitutional activities about "bits", let students see the historical process of multi factors, drainage to the river, a prominent center. Secondly, the formation of thematic content processing. "Nine one eight incident" to the "seven seven" on the eve of the war of resistance against Japan is incident, the local phase of the war of resistance against japan. Treatment on this section of the complete history of high school writing, is put in the "communist regime ten years confrontation" chapter and the Reds fifth counter campaign against "encirclement and suppression" defeat, decided to transfer strategy, parallel narrative of the long march. Consider the ten years war history of the time limit, the contents of this arrangement has certain truth. But from the whole Anti Japanese War history process, so arrangements, many have not weakened the local war of resistance against Japan, the war of resistance against Japan history.
1995 college entrance examination papers of history, historical concept of accurate use of local resistance requirements stage, many candidates unintelligible, which not only exposed the shortcomings of the compiling of textbooks, also exposed the drawbacks of class about the content translation textbooks.
Chinese Anti Japanese War history branch Department of Sino Japanese War and the total resistance of two stage. 6
The history of the Anti Japanese war years local content is very rich, many changes to it, the most value analysis, is a typical materials in various aspects of education to students. The lecture is not only to adjust the relevant content, also ought to fill abandoned some vivid material, forming a special, comprehensive introduction to the Anti Japanese War period the partial resistance stage of history, so that students refreshing.
Third, expand the historical carrying content processing. The five four high school in the new culture movement of the narrative focus on three aspects: it is in what historical background and conditions "emerge as the times require"; the two slogans of democracy and science "spearhead"; Marx doctrine in China spread, a large number of advanced youth chose "communism belief". Today about five four of new culture movement as the end of the century the review, with a new angle to look, am more than "single" narrative, too thin, should expand the current. The content of the extension: "five four" before and after the elite men, they learn through
