EBay "the ankle is suffering from" and a new turn
The "Taobao ankle is suffering from" finally brought eBay a big trouble. "Chinese is a must win the market, but a group of small competitors are our feet to stop us forward." EBay President Whitman said.
CNNIC (Chinese Internet Network Information Center) yesterday released the "2006 Chinese C2C online shopping survey" display, taobao.com has been in various indexes surpass eBay ebay.
These indicators, even eBay eBay has been proud of the number of registered users. CNNIC reported, these users in much long time, the national projections down, eBay eBay truly effective user is 3000000 ~400 million, with 20000000 registered users, eBay eBay claims far apart.
Enter since 2002, high-profile, eBay has spent a lot of thought in this potential market. In order to cope with the Taobao free offensive, begin from May 1, 2005, eBay eBay cut trading items in fees, all then, but also allows the free shop and cancels the commercial registry fees. That same year, eBay also announced an additional $100000000, for the market development, but the situation is not necessarily what they wish.
Now, eBay had to think the question is, how to adapt to the "new competition environment becomes defence into attack"? Or, if the rumors, selection and local enterprises strategic cooperation way, worse before glory turned -- yet it had to cast doubt on things, eBay needs a lot of courage, can get rid of the admiration and love of the huge market?
In the eyes of Whitman, China market almost played the role of savior of global performance, while the last Thursday, California St. and game eBay annual analyst meeting, she admits, the company encountered a "special challenge in this market". EBay president of the international business department Matt Baick even said, "eBay is very difficult to find a foothold in the China".
In the case of eBay, the situation is far more than China "ankle trouble" as simple. Globally, companies are facing the embarrassing situation of performance slows and strategic adjustment, it is necessary to carry out the operational and strategic framework of large operation -- with the beginning of the year in comparison, eBay share price decrease of 25%, dropped to the lowest point in history. From the overall results, in March this year, eBayGMV (total annual transaction) growth was 26%, compared with 35% in December last year growth decline, and the previous quarter growth of 40%.
From the strategic layout, eBay USA market development space and rising velocity have been quite limited; was given a savior role China market dilemma, eBay also where to find a substantial, sustained growth is possible?
In 2004, in the European market, eBay international business revenue of $1200000000, which the European business revenue (in Germany, Britain, France and Italy) reached $950000000, occupy the majority. But that kind of growth speed is maintained for a long time. The first quarter of this year, eBay Europe business growth rate fell from 42% to 32%. Company executives admit, in this market, eBay speeding development period has gone for ever.
In 2004, the eBay market in South Korea, South Korean business revenue amounted to $100000000, as the third eBay international site. But because the encounter to local enterprises "special challenge", in the short term, it is difficult to rapid rise. As early as in 2002, eBay in pushing Yahoo Japanese joint venture companies, withdrew from the Japanese market.
Obviously, only rely on the existing mode and competition strategy, eBay to achieve rapid growth space not too big -- eBay is urgently needed to develop new business system, and implement the localization marketing strategy more in-depth.
But fortunately, the giant also already realized this point. For example, eBay 4
To open by the end of the eBayExpress, a willingness to buy goods at a fixed price for the customer to provide fast, convenient service express website; for example, the company developed the Skype Wallet business, will
With Skype and PayPal; for instance, eBay claims, the company will increase into the local market dynamics.
In addition, a little more imagination is, at present, users of eBay 345000000 times a day and for goods, search, search volume is equivalent to Google. On this basis, once carry out advertising keywords, eBay or will usher in a new turn for the better in the global scope.