Wang Yan is no longer a sina CEO. He was in this position for 3 years.
An extreme idea is, Sina equity structure dispersion is a good thing, if re scattered points, the better. Internet companies may do a bold attempt, more extreme, is full of "retail shareholders". The fact proved that a Internet Co's board of directors may have many times can not help enterprise, the opposite is the chaos.
In the most successful Internet business, the board of directors to one called "NASDAQ" local reporting, while CEO is arranged by them for employees and customers. The user who started to feel good, then slowly will have some dissatisfaction, because the board requires enterprises to continuously improve business profits, "deformation".
If the user feel good, CEO could be very dangerous. CEO must be in the user's feeling and the board of directors (direct NASDAQ) sense of balance between the parties, can protect the position and secure. Wang Yan in the steel wire rope walk for 3 years, it is not easy to.
If Wang Yan has relationship no longer and Sina, he will not go to reflect on some of the problems in the operation of sina? Or complain in the heart, the problem is due to the pressure on the board? Yes, he is also a member of the board of directors, but may later long fade out.
Executives shareholding system make the executive has also become the high correlativity of interest of the people. This is a compromise system, although they cannot determine the top strategies and personnel deployment, but still be most willing to and the board of directors "of one mind". Balance to life insurance.
Contrast when forced to leave Sina Wang Zhidong, Wang Yan will also have many users feel sorry for him? Things change, Sina has matured, the user has won't care too often go to the site in the end who is in charge of, individual website is almost disappear from the scene -- some of which is the Sina acquisition. Sina has become a hierarchy between the various bodies, Wang Yan and users, has been difficult to establish visual contact.
The user's trek brings the enterprise's trek, also bring a trek of the board of directors, Trek and CEO. Don't wish for long, hope Wang Yan's successor more consideration of the user experience and interests, because the user will be the real future of sina.
