CCP to its subsidiaries claim 120000000 yuan for the first time, a grand statement no infringement
Report from our correspondent yesterday, for the CCP 120000000 yuan day price claims, Shanghai royal network first denied violating copyright Related Companies game. Shanghai Shengda related sources, Shanda will not infringe intellectual property rights, also believe that the law will be a fair deal.
Royal: "will not infringe others' intellectual property rights"
This year in April 26th, CCP to variety of game software is Sheng wholy owned subsidiary Shanghai Haofang copyright infringement on the grounds, to initiate proceedings in a court in Shanghai and formally file. Yesterday, China Ogilvy held a small conference, the executive vice president Bai Jie said, as "Counter Strike", "StarCraft", "age of Empires" wait for many 100 classic games in Chinese only issuer, CCP legally owned all the game's release right and related rights.
Shanghai Haofang without any authorization aomeisoft, built commercial battle platform using the related game software, and to carry out large-scale commercial activities, "illegal profiteering". This aomeisoft to Shanghai first people's Court of appeal, request Shanghai Haofang to stop infringement and claim economic compensation 120000000 yuan.
The same yesterday, Shanghai royal network company news spokesman Zhuge Hui expresses when accepting a reporter to interview, Shanda's attitude is very clear, is a grand not infringing on other's intellectual property rights, two is the grand will actively protect their intellectual property rights. However, Zhuge Hui is not willing to "protect their intellectual property rights" meaning more explanation. Last October, CCP repeatedly formally notified the royal network and Shanghai Haofang, requirements "to stop infringement", but the other party does not respond, did not stop the above a few game software business.
CCP: "Shanghai Haofang also violate the American law"
Earlier, the industry rumors, the lawsuit aomeisoft and royal network will reach a settlement with 5000000 yuan. But white clean abnormal tough said, "no victory never retreat". According to reports, at present, CCP has been to the State Ministry of information industry, the State Copyright Bureau and the relevant ministries and apply, to investigate the Shanghai Haofang company tort.
In addition, yesterday white clean also pointed out that the Shanghai royal network is NASDAQ in the United States listed public corporation, "Shanghai Haofang behavior had violated the laws of the United States", accordingly, they will Shanghai royal network company "piracy" fact announcement securities regulators in the United States government when necessary.
