After Wang Yan, sina CEO is anyone? First quarter earnings performance how? Will be acquired by TOM?
Sina secrets today?
Sina Board recently agreed to resign from the position of CEO Wang Yan, the news for the industry would be tantamount to a heavy bomb. After due to various factors and not on TOM and Sina from M &amp; A case, thus came the latest news. Message personage discloses to the reporter, the two sides are plotting to again hand in hand. The source told reporters at the same time, a multinational accounting firm has been in a few months ago posted Sina acquisitions related audit, but Sina News public relations people refused to comment, but said sina will meet in a small media today, the answer is expected to be announced.
According to the previous plan, America local time on May 9th (Beijing time on May 10th) after the markets closed, sina will publish a quarterly results.
"The key to see who is to M &amp; a"
From 2003 onwards, there is news Yahoo!, NetEase china.com, etc. to the Sina acquisition. Last February 19th, royal network suddenly announced 2.3 million US dollars, bought a 19.5% stake in Sina, shocked the industry. Recently, and that the TOM group will be through the purchase of shares held in a grand Sina sina. For a time, sina will be merger rumors As one falls.
Industry thinks, Sina such turmoil, the reason is the original founder Wang Zhidong had put the Sina equity too dispersed. In this regard, we click on the Beijing science and technology company president Wang Zhidong told the media explained, if we had not the introduction of risk investment, not a use of the capital market forces, Sina would not go down. He expresses at the same time, whether for sina will be M &amp; A is still difficult to predict, is also very difficult to judge whether M &amp; A will affect Sina ", the key depends on who is going to M &amp; a."
TOM is the most suitable
"The Sina to news experience TOM, is always better than to game company." A reluctance to disclose the names of the personage inside course of study says.
Analysys International President Yu Yang to think, "now the TOM online is the wireless value-added services in the field of hegemony, and is the leader in Internet portal Sina, the merger will create a media giant." Many people after a merger. One just left Sina company personage thinks, this merger is in line with the "Wall Street values profit diversified structure of" train of thought, is TOM group Li Jiacheng heading the media empire of the mind.
"Frankly, sina is a perfect acquisition target. It has a good brand, have a vast network of audience, its equity dispersion, internal power structure is complex and the stock price significantly undervalued." An investment bank said, this company just as in the stock code before the labeled "I am sheep" statement.
After Wang Yan to succeed
Sina equity although scattered, but its management has been "no good". But there are people in the industry analysis, this time, with Li Jiacheng in background TOM group to join, is expected to begin to change all that. According to the current information, TOM in about six months ago to start with sina contact each shareholder, including an agreement and grand, and about in a few months ago to get the support of the board of directors -- this is undoubtedly in the Sina internal caused a lot of dispute.
Changes of sina senior management in the recent start reflected. Sina's co chairman Jiang Fengnian in March had resigned; at the end of 3, sina COO (chief operating officer) Lin Xinhe also formally left the Sina management, retaining only Sina directorship; and this, sina CEO Wang Yan will leave. At the same time, all kinds of rumors as one falls. Prior to this, there is the current president of sina Cao Guowei will succeed CEO statement, at the same time, COO also discovered Chen Xiaotao and Sina Sina board of directors and senior vice president, editor in chief Chen Tong two candidates.
Sina CEO why not escape fate 3 years
Although Wang Yan on-the-job time has greatly exceeded expectations, but still could not escape the Sina CEO does not exceed 3 years of fate.
Looking back on the development of sina, is not difficult to find, CEO almost two years for a change. According to the insiders, sina CEO is caused by the frequent change of internal struggle, reflect the situation is now Taiwan funded, the domestic and American three faction of ebb and flow.
Sina in 2000 after the listing, the board five shareholders is Chen Liwu (13.3%), Duan Yongji (10%), Wang Zhidong (6.3%), Jiang Fengnian (5.7%) and Cao Defeng (4.6%). The Jiang Fengnian funded a faction; Duan Yongji and Wang Zhidong, one is the earliest investors, a founder of the company, the company has a very high power of discourse, but development ideas in Sina has not, this is the first earthquake buried the foreshadowing of sina. In addition a force power is invested abroad.
Almost from its inception that day, Sina board of directors was formation of the number of powers. The initial chairman for Jiang Fengnian, CEO Wang Zhidong, the entrepreneur government. In 2001 June, Wang Zhidong of the left represents the Sina gradually reflected in the capital to speak. Since the unrest to enable management unable to concentrate on business innovation, more expansion through mergers and acquisitions, cater to the preference of the board, but the lack of internal innovation scale growth is not recognized by the capital market, and by the grand, NetEase, Baidu generation company's impact.
In this context, led by Jiang Fengnian, Taiwan has been evacuated, Jiang Fengnian himself in the year from Sina; while Duan Yongji has strategic focus four pass into the field of biological pharmacy; Wang Yan gone and Li Jiacheng white
