Police cracked pyramid selling case 516, and to inform the 12 major department of supervision; the Ministry of public security, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce in the future will join forces against network marketing
Report from our correspondent since May last year, the national police in detection of pyramid selling crime case 516 cases, found involving up to 1030000000 yuan. The Ministry of public security yesterday held a news conference, and about 12 the Ministry of public security to combat pyramid selling crime "Lu sword" action on the handling of cases (see chart below). The Ministry of public security, the State Administration for Industry and commerce also said, two goalkeeper for internet pyramid selling crime rampant situation, jointly launched special rectification, hit the internet pyramid selling crime.
According to the briefing, since last May, the MLM regain the spread situation, the Ministry of public security, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce in 15 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the central government as the focus, to launch detection MLM network crime "Lu sword" action. Up to now, the national public security organs cracked pyramid selling crime case 516 cases, involving 1030000000 yuan, arrested MLM organizer and backbone of the molecule and other major crime suspect 3408 people, seizure freeze 9871 yuan funds involved, gangs involved in pyramid 1147.
According to statistics, from 2001 to last year, the national public security organs cracked pyramid selling crime case 2848 cases, involving 4210000000 yuan, more than 3800 gangs involved in pyramid, arrest illegal crime more than 20500 people, education and persuasion deceived the masses of more than 336590 people.
Yesterday's conference, the Ministry of public security also announced the economic crime report center Tel: (010) 65204333
- the typical case
"How beautiful posture" cheat 160000 people across 15 provinces
Involving up to 4 million yuan; new members into the MLM organizations must have professional "brainwashing"
By sweeping through the 15 people in 160000 provinces, involving up to 4 million yuan, yesterday the Ministry of public security conference, reported so far dealt a blow with the largest number, shall be investigated for criminal responsibility, punishment most largest Mega MLM network case -- "multi Timmia cosmetics" pyramid selling case. And expose the MLM organizer "brainwashing" operation.
"Pyramid Godfather" arrested
Last April 5th, Shandong Zibo police informed: Northeast women to participate in Zhoucun "multi Timmia cosmetics" pyramid schemes, "membership fee to pay 8700 yuan". Three days later, the police raided the "multi Timmia" 3 dens, seized on the spot more than 90 involved in the marketing personnel training.
Since then the pyramid selling organization layer veil is opened: the membership reached more than ten million people, involving more than a dozen provinces and municipalities, involving up to several hundred million yuan. Only the grade or above senior figures have more than 60 people. Organization "soul" is known as the "godfather of MLM" yang.
Last May 30th, the Ministry of public security, the Public Security Bureau of Shandong Province, Zibo City Public Security Bureau, Zhoucun Public Security Bureau set up a special group, in January 23rd this year in the capital airport, will be ready to fly to Hongkong Yang detention.
Trilogy brainwashing cleared MLM disorder
"Lie to goodwill and malicious points, will people to cheat is to make their fortune" -- this is the "multi Timmia cosmetics" MLM textbooks, a hand written copy of language. "Materials" proves that, the new member will be subject to the professional "brainwashing": first choose a closed environment, "success" describes the experience, to the new member demonstrates how the short term gain "high return"; after class, making "big family" atmosphere in gregarious dormitory, imparting transmission pin method; finally, the question and answer dialogue form, clearing members thought the MLM disorders (see photo).
12 the Ministry of public security on the handling of cases
Shandong "4 - 08" large pyramid selling case
Guangxi Maya biotechnology limited series of pyramid selling case
Chongqing Yang Yuanqun, Li Xiaoping et al. Pyramid, kidnapping, buy murder series case.
Shandong "Tiens beauty cosmetics large pyramid selling case"
Beijing goods tea character international chain Limited marketing case
"Shenzhen branch of Guangdong sea company" pyramid selling case
Shandong Ji'nan "4 - 09" large pyramid selling case
Jiangsu Xia Xiangde et al MLM, disturbing public order, intentional injury case
Guangdong "Chung Yeung company" large pyramid selling case
Jilin "6 - 18" pyramid selling case
Shandong Korean Li Zaiwan large pyramid selling case
Heilongjiang "3 - 01" large pyramid selling case
- Official analysis
"The police puzzled pyramid moisture regain"
The Ministry of public security officials called MLM is deceptive, tendril ductility, infectious
MLM resurgence is a long the police puzzled question ", deputy director of the economic crime investigation bureau of the Ministry of Public Security said yesterday a peak when the reporter asks, crime in terms of quality, compared with other economic crime, pyramid selling is not the most complex, professional is not strong. But because of its highly deceptive, tendril ductility, highly infectious, led to a resurgence, spreading situation.
Peak said, now there are several obvious features: domestic pyramid selling extremely well organized, action is very mysterious. MLM organizers underground and semi underground, and often take different pyramid form; in addition to very typical "pull the head" form ", and transfer goods", "franchise" and other forms of. The selection of market is not price perception of goods, merchandise items, high prices; with a very scientific method of mythmaking, repeatedly brainwashing. A set of strict formula, repeatedly told just to join the team, will be what kind of return.
"Lie three times becomes the truth", once joined the team, dual control on the formation of physical and mental, the confiscation of identity cards, confiscation of private property, stay focused on the use of code, all interaction. 24 hours full close monitoring of new members of staff, until it finally believe firmly, become hardcore players.
