The Internet is one of the most able to create the myth of the age, its website has become among the most loving young entrepreneurs, the continuous emergence of various individual website also gradually formed a new economic model. According to the statistics of relevant departments, the number of China personal website has exceeded 30000000, become a kind of economic power.
In the "five one" before, all over the country more than 300 individual website stationmaster together to jointly explore the development of personal website and profit in Xiamen. It is reported, this activity is the second Chinese stationmaster Congress by China Internet association, two six five network companies.
The reporter understands, profitability has started many personal web site, some personal website can reach hundreds of thousands of yuan monthly income. There are some concepts in Web2.0 or search for personal site has obtained the risk investors, investment and cooperation or seeking venture capital business.
In addition, one of the second session of the China stationmaster Congress sponsors two six five network business of the company is to provide advertising alliance and the flow of trade website alliance is a personal website. Although advertising and flow exchange website alliance is still not very mature, but provides a convenient way of promotion and profit point of these two ways for many individual website.
Analysis of the industry think, the development of Chinese personal website is growing as a new economic mode that can not be ignored, on the one hand, can alleviate the increasingly serious employment contradiction to a certain extent, on the other hand can also from the birth of many emerging Internet companies, and even grow into tomorrow's Internet giants. Now, Chinese netizen 100 million, marking the Chinese economy entered the era of the internet. High tech, high return, low cost, low pollution is a feature of the Internet economy. Many features of the Internet economy is to adapt to the development of personal website, the number of 30000000 personal website is enough to explain the strong development momentum.
The reporters found that the current personal website focused on the current Web2.0 and search, a popular dating sites, such as blogs, various types of community website or forum, such as video search and other various types of search sites etc.. But reporters also found that individual websites have prosperous development trend, but a lot of personal website is still relatively blind, the lack of the necessary consideration to the profit mode and the development direction in the future.