Personalized and interactive as the main feature of the Web2.0 is considered to be the Internet a new revolution, "the participation of the whole nation" is considered as the core spirit. The reaction speed and the speed of development is better than any other industry in internet. From the beginning of 2005, the new trend of new business emerge in an endless stream, Web2.0, the Vc firm sought and support community forums, blogs, and dating sites such as a large number of new Internet Co such as bamboo shoots after a spring rain sort out. Entered in 2006, the Web2.0 website is a potential outbreak. But so far, there is a clear profit model and the development direction of the Web2.0 site is not much, most of the Web2.0 site is the Internet with a be rather baffling passion and excitement in the burning. They are doing things is the maximum increase website traffic, attract more users, create awareness, they firmly believe that, with prominent flow, the number of Internet users and popularity, making money is sooner or later.
But in the collective excited but some blind Web2.0 era, reporters found a on the Internet for years, the arena who already know what one is about, cloth under the war.
The preeminent is once acquired the Vc firm IDG five investment banner network president Wang Dingbiao. Wang Dingbiao was a "good advertising" the CEO of the website, the successful operation of the project, Wang Dingbiao have also set foot in the "ChinaY", "every day" and "the number of fixed time" and many other Internet investment projects for the operation of the project, the Internet can be said to be experienced, especially has a deep and unique opinions on Internet advertising. But before serving as the banner of network chairman, Wang Dingbiao is more low-key, less appear in the media reports on the.
Daqi predecessor is "ChinaBBS", is the world's Chinese forum information aggregation portal, to "concentrate Chinese Forum essence" as the basic positioning. The near future will be "ChinaBBS" name changed to Daqi, allegedly to aggregation portal to better cope with the banner of network positioning of the image, Wang Dingbiao also gradually accepted the media interview. One of the important information and Wang Dingbiao disclosed to reporters, the banner of network is brewing "moderators alliance" as one of its profit pattern. Understand according to the reporter, "the moderator alliance" is the Internet the emergence of a new commercial mode of operation.
The banner of network location aggregation portal
In the era of the Web2.0, Wang Dingbiao said he was very optimistic about the network of community development, community web site will be more prosperous future. Web2.0 is the core spirit of "all the people involved in", this spirit has been most incisive embodied in the community. Active in the community's grassroots really mastered the right to speak, have self expression, self realization of the value of the stage. Wang Dingbiao thinks, Internet access to the community, a large amount of information is the Internet users to create their own; community an important characteristic is the real source from the masses, to the mass consumer taste with complete.
Although the development prospects of network community, but Wang Dingbiao did not want to put the banner of network make the community website. Wang Dingbiao said, the past information service mode to community development, the main feature is the common membership and CO location. Have a common interest in a group of people can form a community on the Internet, so in the future there will be a huge number of various community website. But the community has a weakness is not too easy to commercialization. At present, the number of large Chinese community site, according to the old standard net collected at least hundreds of thousands, but scattered.
So the banner of network to share community website prosperity decided to stand on a higher point of view. Wang Dingbiao said: "the direction of development of the banner of network is the aggregation model, we will provide a discovery platform thousands of network community, helping the community grew rapidly, improving visibility."
It is reported, at present the banner of network through their own search technology, and constantly grasp global hundreds of thousands of Chinese forum among the most popular, the most welcome Post editorial department, after screening will be arranged to show the community the best content to Daqi portal.
Daqi respect expresses, Internet users to find their interested content through the banner of network, click on the banner of network will be after Internet users directly to the corresponding community forums or posts related content, thus, the banner of network also help communities brought large flow.
Brewing "moderators alliance" profit model
From the "good advertising" out of Wang Dingbiao on the Internet ad with more passion. At present, the Internet industry to the Internet advertising is one of the Internet as a profitable way, but Wang Dingbiao was firmly convinced that the future of the Internet the Internet advertising will be the best way to profit.
Wang Dingbiao is currently in the brewing "moderators alliance" plan. As mentioned earlier, the netizens to find their interested content through the banner of network, click on the banner of network will be after Internet users directly to the corresponding community forums or posts related content. So, the banner of network is your web site traffic to each community website, seems to be not a thing. But Wang Dingbiao's "moderators alliance" plan just can solve this problem.
According to Wang Dingbiao said, he plans in each community web site on the advertising, the advertising expenses is the banner of network and the corresponding community website into. Wang Dingbiao is not on the "moderators alliance" to plan too much exposition, but the reporter that analysis, this "moderators alliance" program has many advantages. First of all, the various community sites represent a specific interest groups, when Internet users through the banner network