The expert inside course of study thinks core portal armed the next generation search technology and the concept of Web2.0. The search is shaping the future of portal frame and powerful technical tool, the next generation of search engine portal, has become a source for the new portal to create the next generation of portal will replace the existing traditional portal; Web2.0 will completely change the traditional portal mode of thinking, create a new portal mode of thinking
The portal has been a top Internet Co for the center. In the past, in the eyes of the people is the gateway leading China Internet Corporation commercial tide, in the eyes of many people, the portal is the internet. However, after the Internet bubble, the traditional domestic portal thunder seems to be overshadowed by the new Internet Co. The most typical representative of the traditional portal Sina either flow, income or market value is no longer the first. NetEase A new force suddenly rises. more by the game, NetEase while despising the China Internet warlords, but NetEase is no longer a typical portal. Online game service provider Shanda, search engine business Baidu in China Internet market value ranking worked as a boss. Baidu and instant messaging traffic beyond Sina Tencent qq. The traditional portal seems to fade, replace sb. is the new next generation portal.
The Internet Lab (chinalabs.com) senior consultant Fan Chunhui think, the core of the next generation of portal armed search technology and the concept of Web2.0. Fan Chunhui said, the search is shaping the future of portal frame and powerful technical tool, the next generation of search engine portal; become new sources of portal to create the next generation of portal will replace the existing traditional portal; search and portal is moving towards integration, Google launched the personal portal and search IG, is a very good example.
While Web2.0 will completely change the traditional portal mode of thinking, create a new portal thinking mode, this new mode of thinking is a bottom-up full respect for individual adoption of collective wisdom, the individual into the system, multiple peer communication, pay attention to the new thinking of portal of social capital.
Fan Chunhui said, the next generation of portal and simply will not join the existing portal search tools or add a blog and other Web2.0 elements can be assembled together, the next generation of portal is a holistic system, rather than the product packing.
Fan Chunhui think the next generation Internet portal has the following characteristics: Web2.0 will change the overall structure of the portal, and not just as an existing system tools; search and portal seamless integration, search as center; the content and application integration; from the browser extension to the desktop, the more close to the user; Personalized as the foundation, and realize on this basis into system of organic social connection.
For domestic Internet Co, who can occupy the commanding heights of next generation portal?
Fan Chunhui expresses, search, instant communication, the traditional portal and Web2.0 blog community have the opportunity. Portal + + blog search is not necessarily the new portal, and the three can merge into a whole to form a new portal. Top domestic Internet Co are basically in the search and blog elements, it can be said that made the first step, but in system integration, namely how to completely uniform in the next generation of new thinking in portal frame, because to a great resistance precipitation experience, inertia, personnel organization encounters on the traditional Internet architecture, is still in the ideological struggle and trying stage. In this sense, the portal blog engage success is only the first stage of the sense of local success, the next generation of portal transition for existing Internet giants, especially portal, is a huge challenge. But the challenges and opportunities coexist, who can successfully realize the transformation, who will occupy the commanding heights of the future internet.
The expert inside course of study thinks, at present a few giants Chinese Internet has not achieved the thinking framework of a comprehensive breakthrough, but the local notice and pay much attention to in search and Web2.0 elements. For example, Sohu's Sogou, Sina Love asked and Sina blog has become a strong brand, and Baidu reportedly engaged in Baidu space, Tencent QQ based QQzone is similar to that in South Korea's successful Cyworld Mini house. This partial attempt and the volume gradually accumulate knowledge when can achieve breakthrough, it is worth looking forward to.
Then the new search and Web2.0 website will have a chance? Fan Chunhui said, cutting-edge Internet Co completely without bound the inherent thinking and system, also did not come from capital market short-term performance pressure, more time and energy to go to all lengths made out of a blue ocean, to the time and speed for the development of space, to seize the commanding heights of the next generation of portal.
