Beijing China Mobile mobile phone tariff adjustment plan in May 8th, mobile phone tariff price ice began to loosen. Experts pointed out, this adjustment should be just a start, China still has a large space of mobile phone tariff cut.
"Mobile communications investment mainly construction early in the base station, the network user increases after paved more call cost less." CCID Consulting telecommunications Consulting Director Yi Mingyu said in an interview with reporters.
In recent years, the rapid growth of mobile phone users in china. China Mobile Beijing area users has reached about 8000000, Chinese Beijing Unicom users in the region is about about 3000000, and the area of mobile phone tariff prices have been unchanged. On the telecom tariff complaints make mobile operators to become a target for all.
"The user scale bigger, call cost relatively smaller, with the increase of mobile phone users, the downward revision of tariff is an inevitable trend." Yi Mingyu said.
According to China Mobile tariff adjustment program announced the Ministry of information industry 8, users dial the local phone calls for the lowest 0.2 yuan / minute, answer the call for a minimum of 0.02 yuan / minute.
"The operators of the price adjustment hand under external pressure of public opinion, a part of another is its development strategy." Yi Mingyu said.
12 years ago, in order to introduce competition in the field of basic telecommunication business, China Unicom was founded. After the reorganization of the telecommunications industry, China Mobile and China Unicom have become two mobile operating licence of the enterprise. However, since the mobile has GSM licenses, China Unicom business licence for CDMA, and half the Unicom users number is only the number of mobile users around, strength difference of two operators can not be larger sufficient competition.
"Along with the third generation mobile communication (3G) era, there will be more and more operators involved in the mobile communication, mobile communication will face the pressure of competition, which will inevitably lead to a decline in the price of. The tariff adjustment is also the operator to deal with the 3G era of competition to prepare." Yi Mingyu said.
He said that if the issuance of 3G license after a one-time cuts, operators will lose the trust of users, may cause the loss of users, so the need to save for a rainy day.
The total annual operating enterprises to maintain the growth of the user, and the user growth potential is gradually turning to the countryside and so on the low end of the market. "China Mobile reduction initiatives also to dig the low-end users, is the embodiment of its development strategy." Yi Mingyu said.
The tariff adjustment is achieved through the application of the enterprise, government approval form. Yi Mingyu believe that the fee adjustment mainly is the enterprise behavior, government role play in which more and more small, the main supervision.
With respect to the user "to cancel the monthly fee, free calls to answer, calling charges reduced to a reasonable price" voice calls, the adjustment is very little. "Mobile phone charges still has a larger decline in space." Yi Mingyu said. CATR exchanges center director Chen Yuping also said, hope to have more substantial tariff.
Yi Mingyu thinks, at present the adjustment will not cause too much impact on the operators. As a result of the tariff adjustment is limited to voice service, and the future development of key operators will be data business, so the voice calls will not affect the performance of the operators cut.