IBM thinks Chinese and India market will become more and more important, to help the company keep in the global status.
IBM currently has 38500 employees in India, three years ago, only 9000 people. IBM has 7000 professionals in the Chinese. IBM China India Business Development vice president Michael - Brooks said: "India is the center of the world. Chinese and India is the largest treasure house of global talent. Five years later, the two markets will be more important to us, the two market itself also develops very quickly, in the next five to ten years will be a major driver of the global economy."
India is the IBM customer service and meet the needs of the global software center, IBM China is the eighth biggest market. India income growth of 61% IBM for the first quarter, the fastest in emerging markets, in Chinese revenue growth of 15%.
IBM1992 started operations in India, is India's largest Multi-National Corporation employers, due to the importance of the India business, IBM CEO Peng Mingsheng will be held in June 7th annual analyst ventilation in India. Brooks said: "the importance of the meeting on behalf of the two markets in Bangalore. Have never been held outside the United States. "
In by the end of March a year, IBM IT in India and the field of hardware sales revenue ranked fifth, India TCS, Infosys, Wipro are all its competitors, and this three enterprises in strengthening the China business, so as to better serve the Multi-National Corporation customer service and establish closer links with the Japanese market.
Brooks said, the industry is faced with India wage inflation problem, in Chinese is difficult to attract experienced developers and professional consultants, he said: "the two countries not to lower cost countries, but the high value of the state, the cost is also lower than many countries." Ending in March year, is expected to India's software services will reach $23000000000, two of the biggest companies TCS and Infosys this year plans to add 55000 employees. (Translation: Sohu IT Unifytruth)