Keywords: layoffs AOL call center
Title: AOL plans to lay off 1300 people accounted for the global total number of employees 7%
Time: American Eastern time on May 9th at ten thirty in the morning news
Source: English Yahoo!
Abstract: AOL plans to lay off 1300 people, accounting for about 7% of its global workforce, at Florida Jacksonville call center will be closed, in addition, the scope of the call center is located in Utah, Ogden America Arizona Tucson was also included in the cuts. This is since AOL laid off 700 people once the largest streamlining personnel action last fall. In October last year, in the face of dial-up Internet users number continued to fall, AOL close call center in Orlando, call center is located in Jacksonville and the headquarters of Dulles are part of the job cuts, a total of 700 jobs, accounting for about 4% of its global workforce, although the United States online user loss, but the company spokesman Nicholas Graham will appear, this result due to increasing understanding of computer users and more tools he said: "compared with the 1996 AOL established member center, Internet world in 2006 is a completely different world, AOL members have a mind more flexible, more abundant computer knowledge, almost all of them is a computer pass, general fault can exclude themselves, call center function weakening." A data shows, since 2004, AOL call volume dropped by nearly half.
Keywords: mobile phone sales in Sweden
Title: April Telia store sales ranked the top 10 mobile phone
Time: American Eastern time on May 9th at eleven thirty-five in the morning news
Source: Agence France-Presse
Abstract: Sweden's largest communications products retail chain Telia announced today 2006 April mobile phone sales list, enter the sales before the Sony Ericsson ten mobile phone accounts for 5, Nokia accounted for 3, Samsung accounted for 2, of which two is 3G mobile phone (Nokia 6280 and Samsung Z140), paragraph six has the photography function, six a MP3 player function, specific ranking: ranking the top ten mobile phone: (1) K750i (Sony Ericsson last month ranked fourth), (2) and 3120 (Nokia last month ranked third), (3) 5140i (Nokia last month ranked first (4), Sony Ericsson (Z300i) last month, (rank fifth) 6280 (5) Nokia from last month's ranking consistent), (6) Sony Ericsson W810i (from last month's ranking consistent), (7) the Samsung X660 (from last month's ranking consistent), (8) (Sony Ericsson Z520i last month ranked second), (9) (Sony Ericsson W800i last month ranked sixth), (10) Samsung Z140 (last month ranked ninth). Telia is the biggest Swedish mobile phone retail stores, with 78 stores, the ranking is based on the sales data of each store the results of the person in charge of the marketing department, Telia pointed out, "the camera and MP3 player function has become a basic requirement for the mobile phone of many customers, mobile phone users for mobile TV are increasingly in demand."
Keywords: industry cooperation to download TV series
Title: Apple Corp Fawkes entertainment group produced the television series download
Time: American Eastern time on May 9th at eleven twenty in the morning news
Source: English Yahoo!
Abstract: the Apple Corp announced a few days ago, the iTunes music store (Music Store) has begun selling Fawkes entertainment group produced the television series, cases so before swept the world "24". Apple Corp said, every TV series download costs $1.99, in addition to "24", "shield", "prison break", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" also in the download list. Previously, the iTunes music store from ABC, CBS and NBC program download service.
Keywords: electronic game American poll
Title: 40% American grown men playing electronic games
Time: American Eastern time on May 9th at ten twenty in the morning news
Source: English Yahoo!
Abstract: a poll The Associated Press and AOL recently launched the display, ten adult USA men are four by computer or game playing electronic games, including 45% people play electronic games through the Internet, more than 1/3 people in 2005 to spend in the network game on the $two hundred, 42% a week game time more than four hours, 26% people play electronic games through the game machine, 1/6 People Weekly online game playing time of ten hours. About the content of the game, strategy game the most popular, followed by sports games, adventure games and shooting games and simulation games.
Keywords: piracy download Warner Bros.
Title: Warner Bros plans to provide a film by BitTorrent download service
Time: American Eastern time on May 9th at eleven fifty-five in the morning news
Source: English Yahoo!
Abstract: American entertainment giant Warner Brothers (Warner Brothers) will be the first to provide movie content to BitTorrent users download service company, the company hopes the move to combat piracy. Warner Brothers RealNetworks Home Entertainment Inc President Tsujihara said: "the piracy problem becomes more and more serious, this way we is to translate this problem into an opportunity, if we can be 5%, 10% or even 15% of these users into a legitimate user, its influence will be very important." Warner Brothers Company points out, the user can rent or download that can be made
