The 25 projects Beijing archaeological project regret losing
Top ten new archaeological discovery announced
Reporter Huang Tao reports reviewed by experts organized by the two day, Chinese heritage newspapers and China archaeological society "2005 annual national top ten new archaeological discovery" 7 officially announced last night. 25 to participate in the selection of projects in Shengzhou, Zhejiang Mount Huangshan, Hunan Hongjiang Gaomiao site of small sites such as the 10 archaeological the ultimate success of the project selected, Beijing Mentougou Donghulin site regret losing.
Selection has lasted 16 years
Presided over the selection of Chinese Archaeological Association chairman Xu Pingfang introduction, ten major archaeological discoveries opened on the sixteenth year since, the new archaeological discovery award from the start in January this year. And last year by the local declaration is different, this year to take Chinese relics experts according to the published data selection approach, projects jointly recommended by experts.
Projects recommended to fully consider the academic value, promote discipline development, to explore whether social influence, the consciousness of cultural relic protection and other factors, at the same time comprehensive era and regional archaeological achievements, from 2005 1 to December during the State Cultural Relics Bureau approved excavated more than 100 archaeological discoveries, convene a meeting of experts selected 24, covers the Palaeolithic various types of age to the song and Yuan Dynasties, cultural relics. Only Fujian Donghai Pingtan "bowl of reef No. 1" Qing Dynasty shipwreck site is two by the above experts recommend, directly apply for participating.
The contestant must be approved by the state
"In 16 years of selection, selection of the standard has not changed since the." Xu Pingfang said, the selection criteria in summary is "three values" and "a new".
Participating project must be after the approval of the state, the excavation process also conforms to the national archaeological excavation procedures. These archaeological discoveries of the project must have outstanding historical value, artistic value and scientific value in the national scope. And the "new" refers to the China archaeology has added new content and found, these standards are indispensable.
The judges "very reluctantly what it treasures"
The selected projects mostly belongs to the site's far, Xu Pingfang explained, 18 judges are not "but" mean, completely according to the archaeological value evaluation. But since 2005 is the Chinese archaeological "harvest year", for the project level is quite high, so the judges have to be "very reluctantly what it treasures".
Hope the society pays close attention to Paul
In the selection process, many delegations participating projects have told reporters, whether can participate in the selection of the final selected is not the most important, and just hope to cause social attention to the protection of cultural relics.
Archaeological experts Zhang Zhongpei said, with the current national construction speed, many archaeological projects are forced to "rescue" unearthed. Therefore, hope to promote the social and government attention Protect the Cultural Relics monuments to selection way, leaving more "heritage to the Chinese people".
New projects selected ten archaeological discovery
The 1 Zhejiang Shengzhou small Mount Huangshan ruins
Research on the archaeological cultural relics of Zhejiang Province
2 Hunan Hongjiang Gaomiao site
Research on the archaeological cultural relics of Hunan Province
The 3 Guizhou Weining water site
Research on the archaeological cultural relics of Guizhou Province
The 4 Henan Hebi Liu Zhuang site
Research on the archaeological cultural relics of Henan Province, the archaeological team of Hebi City
5 Fujian Pucheng cat ears get Shan Shang Dynasty kiln group
Fujian Province Cultural Relics Management Committee of the team, the Museum of Fujian province Archaeology Institute etc.
Shanxi Heng Shui Xi Zhou Jiang county cemetery 6
Shanxi Provincial Institute of archaeology, etc.
The 7 Shaanxi Hancheng liangdai village site two weeks
Shaanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology
The 8 Jiangsu Jurong, Jintan Zhou Dai mound tomb
The Museum of Nanjing Archaeology Institute
9 Henan Neihuang Yang Zhuang Han settlement site
Research on the archaeological cultural relics of Henan Province
10 Shanxi the mural tomb
