[eNet] Silicon Valley dynamic news USA Eastern time on May 8th (Beijing time news: May 9th) when the Microsoft Corp made clear a new version of its Vista operating system will again postpone the release of time, the developers have quietly started to develop another can be used in a variety of sizes of equipment in the new version of the Windows operating system.
Test edition Windows CE operating system is expected to a software developer conference will be held on Tuesday in the Las Vegas was introduced publicly out. Windows
Mobile operating system is designed for the operating system of intelligent mobile phone Microsoft Corp production, but even his Microsoft Corp have to admit that its performance is not satisfactory. The revised version of the Windows CE operating system and Windows
Based on the Mobile operating system is the same.
Microsoft Corp said, may when users in 2007 will see based on these two operating system products. Microsoft Corp trying to re radiate Windows
CE operating system activity to occupy the growing high-end mobile phone market, Windows
CE operating system technology already has a history of more than ten years, has been widely used in a variety of small electronic equipment, such as gas station pumps and video etc..
Industry analysts believe that, although the Microsoft Corp has done a lot of hard work, but the market still exist many uncertain factors.
Jupiter Research analyst Joe
Wilcox said: "the Microsoft Corp has always been the most good at the development of what? Operating system software. Operating system, more and more application in various kinds of electronic equipment is getting more and more broad."
At present, the mobile equipment Microsoft Corp and built-in equipment in its total income is only accounts for a small part of the ratio, it is in the last quarter's sales amounted to $10900000000, of which mobile devices and built-in equipment with $89000000 in sales. This part of the business has not reached the stable profit state, in its most recent quarter, this part of the business had a loss of $14000000.
By comparison, including the Windows operating system of the computer department earned $2500000000 in the same quarter. Expect the new version of the Windows operating system that Vista will reach the hands of consumers in early next year to.
Microsoft Corp have helped many equipment manufacturers to produce a series of so-called smart mobile phone, in a broad sense all can check e-mail and records agenda calls can be counted as intelligent mobile phone.
Microsoft Corp last year with the Palm company signed a very important cooperation agreement, to assist the Palm launched a Treo based intelligent mobile phone operating system Windows. And before that, the Palm operating system Windows operating system and the traditional dominant position has been the relationship between the rivals in the field of mobile phone operating system.
The two sides is to give up its software division after Palm reached a cooperation agreement.
Now, Microsoft Corp is facing strong competition pressure from RIM company, the latter Blackberry e-mail device production is very popular in the market. At the same time, the Microsoft Corp also with many other companies competing, they are mobile phone add more useful features to try various devices to the.
Microsoft Corp believe that mobile phone and computer operating system Windows operating system which is quite similar, but it believes that its Windows
Mobile operating system can provide more features than the other competitors.
Creative Strategies company mainly analyst Tim
Bajarin says, in the mobile phone operating system version under the existing Microsoft Corp, must click two to four times the button to open a function, but in the current version of the Palm operating system, only need to click on one to two times the key can open the same function. But now it is very difficult to find and use than other companies Microsoft Corp developed the mobile phone application software.
Microsoft Corp general manager of mobile phone equipment and built-in type equipment department Kevin Dallas admitted, for Microsoft Corp, the challenges it faces is how to service becomes more efficient, convenient, easy to use.
In the mobile phone market, ease of use is a very important factor. So the problem is likely to be fatal.
With more and more people use mobile phone to do all kinds of work, Microsoft Corp also began to consider some competitors gradually reduce the effects caused by. Because it is believed that this piece of the market outside software developers is not to let their software can be on the application software for custom modifications to run in dozens of different operating system, they will only focus on the customization for some of the main platform.
This is also a reason for the Microsoft Corp to developers.
Microsoft Corp mobile phone equipment and built-in type equipment department vice president Suzan DelBene said: "I think the market will not appear on a large number of participants, because the industry is unable to support so many competitors."
In order to let developers are satisfied, Microsoft Corp are to change, it is the other equipment such as gas provides the Windows CE operating system station pump.
This is part of a Microsoft Corp in order to attack the strong competitor that open source technologies and strategies adopted in. Open source software developers think software upgrade itself should be free to share, and the Microsoft Corp insisted copyright mode, so the two sides always in opposite state.
Take the Microsoft Corp in the Windows operating system on the franchise in cooperation with the developers of the strategy has achieved unbelievable success. But in the CE operating system on the problem to be relatively more complex.
Microsoft Corp in personal computer exercises