[eNet] Silicon Valley dynamic news USA Eastern time on May 9th (Beijing time news: May 10th) is expected to Toshiba Co will open the first equipped with HD DVD CD-ROM notebook computer in the E3 Electronic Entertainment Expo held in Losangeles city on Tuesday American veil.
The laptop computer belonging to the Toshiba Co production of the Qosmio series notebook computer, the model for the Qosmio G35-AV 650, it can be in 17 inch display in 1920*1200 pixel resolution condition play HD format film. Although currently on the market in the HD format DVD film is not much, but still has issued several high-definition movies. Toshiba Co Qosmio series product manager Dave McFarland said, is expected before the end of the year on the market about to be released around 200 HD format DVD film.
HD format DVD and Sony Corp support Blu ray format DVD is a new generation of DVD technology standard competition. Equipped with high-definition format DVD CD-ROM computer, HD format DVD players and HD format movie will be listed in this month, and Blu ray movies and hardware equipment until June at the earliest to be listed. But according to a new study shows that Peerflix company, may be only the first in a group of selected format HD DVD standard consumer is the real supporters HD format of DVD technology.
Qosmio G35 notebook computer has many advanced properties. It uses Core Duo processor, Intel 2GHz with RAID support film and music backup hard drives 100GB two and 1GB DDR 2 memory. It also uses Nvidia company's GeForce Go 7600 graphics card with 256MB DDR 3, dynamic memory.
McFarland said, all these configurations are not cheap. So Qosmio G35 will be priced at $2999, obviously higher than the $2399 Qosmio G30 to some of you. It is also not very light weight, total weight of about 10.1 pounds. This notebook computer into the Toshiba Co website sales in this week, next week will be on the shelves in the store.
McFarland said, Toshiba Co decided to pre Microsoft Corp Windows Media Center Edition 2005 operating system, but does not support Intel Viiv program. He said, as to whether support Intel Viiv plan is subject to the company to further study the decision.
