[eNet] Silicon Valley dynamic news this week, Symantec Corp CEO John Thomson at the Vision annual conference call, the company will introduce better creative products back Microsoft security products challenge.
He said, the next few years Symantec will invest more human and financial resources for research and development, "our strategy is more innovative than Microsoft, because we know the security more than Microsoft. "With the Microsoft Vista system launch time approaches, Symantec has also stepped up on the security product upgrades, challenge the Microsoft," we are inevitable and Microsoft competition".
Now, Microsoft are developing consumer oriented Windows Live OneCare security service products, plans to launch in June this year to USA market. This security products integrated anti-virus, anti spyware and firewall software, also has a backup and multiple adjustment function. At present, Microsoft enterprise security Client Protection have not yet set launch time, is currently in the testing phase.
Symantec to Microsoft fire is not the first time, early in the month, Thomsen was nicknamed "Microsoft is late novice", and said that Symantec is make oneself become a full line of products provider, at the same time provide anti-virus and other security products. He pointed out that, in the past few years, Microsoft products frequently appear safe problem, "we will continue to improve the safety of Symantec product in global brand, Symantec is synonymous with safety. Microsoft is synonymous with many products, but not safety. Rhododendron aureum
He stressed that, the company will invest more effort for product development, Microsoft in security market will win is not the expected results. "We believe that, Microsoft WINDOWS products also need to be protected, enhanced the safety performance Microsoft system is the focus of our future investment. "This Tuesday, he said will make a comprehensive introduction of the company's market development plan. IT Canalys analyst Andy Buss predicted the consulting company, security products Microsoft will produce important influence on consumer anti-virus market, but the enterprise market will accept Microsoft products is still a doubt. "Enterprises more willing to choose the use of mature technology, their attitude to deal with the more conservative service charge. "He pointed out, lack of Microsoft provide integrated security product experience for the enterprise.
