[eNet] China Mobile Silicon Valley dynamic news spread its Beijing branch cut charges, markets are cold, but may have limited impact on recovering strong share price.
During this year NPC and CPPCC, NPC deputies put forward, Beijing mobile communications charges in other area high, cause the Ministry of information industry and the two major operators attach great importance to. MII announced two major carriers will be tariff reduction in Beijing News in 8 days. Among them, China Mobile since May, began to cut mobile phone charges in Beijing area, called (answer) set close to the one-way charging. Government experts pointed out that, in Beijing area of tariff adjustment has a demonstration effect, reflecting the trend of mainland communication tariff cut. Experts also pointed out that, the tariff adjustment has little effect on the mobile earnings, stock price volatility is also not very big.
Local media quoted sources said, Beijing mobile mobile phone calls started to drop from May onwards, the package called dropped to close a one-way toll collection; as for the reduction of cost solution of China Unicom in Beijing area is in the approval. Can say, Beijing area of the calls always expensive, this decline may only be lag action. Unicom market trends fell 1.3%, closing 7.35 Hong Kong dollars.
According to the reports of "Beijing China Mobile mobile phone tariff in May began to cut", China Unicom also said, China Unicom in Beijing will also be tariff reduction.
Chinese Unicom headquarters responsible person said, this is the first price adjustment of Beijing mobile, Beijing Unicom will follow. It also said, this is mainly targeted at the high-end user fees, charges do not move much low-end users. However, in contrast to the Beijing mobile and Beijing Unicom, Beijing Unicom charges, has been relatively low.
Over the years, the Beijing area because of the large number of high-quality high-end customers, mobile phone tariff level is much higher than the national average level.
Information Industry Ministry spokesman Wang Lijian confirmed 8 days, from this month, China Mobile Beijing area mobile phone charges started to drop, China Unicom mobile phone tariff reduction programme is approved in Beijing area in. Notable is, reduction programme also includes a package called, from the past to two-way charging main called to the calling charges, the actual charges has been close to the one-way charging. However, this effect may be limited. There are reports of Beijing, users pay rates than any other country where users must be high, therefore Beijing tariff adjustments may only be limited. Beijing mobile users have to pay higher than average rates, so the capital of telecom tariff competition may be the degree is not high.
Wang Lijian said, the tariff adjustment has little effect on the mobile stock. First of all, Beijing mobile assets and profits in the total share of listing Corporation is not high; secondly, the benefit behavior can stimulate the user growth. Tariff reduction on the mobile network capacity requirements higher, China Mobile on the local area network expansion will increase the number of operating costs, the proportion in the whole little platter but. From the government perspective, the 2G tariff reduction issued no inevitable links with 3G, but from the market ready, 2G tariff reduction is necessary step before the introduction of the 3G, 3G is more and more near.
9 in Hongkong stock market, China Mobile rose 1.9%, to 47.40 Hong Kong dollar, China Unicom rose 4.8%, to 7.70 Hong Kong dollar, completely ignored China Mobile mobile phone tariff cut Beijing area coverage. The brokerage said HK, although the magnitude of tariff reduction may considerable, but have little effect on the listing Corporation, because it only affects Beijing area. The Beijing area has been higher than in other regions Chinese fee, the bank is expected to temporarily maintain and rating unchanged, because in the revenue model has considered the factors of tariff reduction.
Credit Lyonnais securities (Asia) think, China Mobile will be the mobile phone charges in Beijing area by 50% almost not influenced the financial aspect to the company, because under the control of the government promotion effect, the Beijing area of the mobile phone charges have been much higher than that of other provinces, cuts will only make local tariff levels consistent with other provinces, China government is deregulation, this indicates that the high rate of utilization and coverage is still Chinese priority.
Economic Management Institute of Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications professor Shu Huaying think, the price adjustment is especially value-added business development is good for communication industry. Specifically, this price adjustment is conducive to the long-term development of the communication industry, for example, before the user money in the call, now save money is available in the value-added business, is good for the development of value-added business.
MII Telecom Research Institute of communication center director Chen Yuping said, hope to have the charges substantially more variation, telecom industry certainly don't want people called it "Telecom overlord", the cut can make operator image is greatly improved. The price adjustment in the 5.17 International Telecom announced a few days ago, may also be a kind of attitude, hope every telecommunication day, people can get benefits.
