[eNet] Silicon Valley dynamic news information industry vice minister Gou Zhongwen recently in the "electronic signature law" of the people's Republic of China to implement certification service industry an anniversary &amp; electronic development seminar pointed out, in recent years, China's e-commerce is developing rapidly, but is still in the initial stage in the whole body. Compared with the developed countries, still need to further accelerate the. The relevant government departments and enterprises must adapt to the new situation and requirements, continue to publicize and implement the "electronic signature law", to further promote the healthy development of electronic certification service industry and electronic commerce.
Gou Zhongwen said, "electronic signature law" was implemented a year ago, our country electronic certification service market and electronic business has been rapid development. At present, China has 17 of the legal establishment of the electronic certification service organization, issued about 2500000 electronic certificate to the parties to the transaction, the application domain involves many aspects of online tax, community service, bidding and purchasing, online banking. According to incomplete statistics, in 2005 China's e-commerce transaction volume reached 740000000000 yuan, a year-on-year growth of 50%. The number of online shopping users reached 22000000, year-on-year growth of 6000000 households.
One is to fully understand the significance of "electronic signature law", to continue in-depth publicity and implementation. Because of this law has a strong professional and technical, cognitive degree now society is not very high. So, we need to continue in-depth publicity and implementation, through a variety of channels, to take a variety of forms of extensive publicity, so that all walks of life to better understand the "electronic signature law, law-abiding consciously apply the" electronic signature law ", security electronic authentication and electronic commerce order normal.
Two is to further strengthen the construction of the electronic authentication and electronic commerce system, create the good system environment. Legislation is the premise and foundation of the construction of socialist legal country, "electronic signature law" is an important legal document specification for electronic signature and electronic authentication service. However, compared with developed countries, the legal rules on the electronic authentication and electronic commerce in China is still lack of systematic and integrity. The development of electronic commerce needs in many aspects, protection and support, we must construct a system, perfect the system, can fully guarantee the development of the electronic commerce norm.
Three is the administrative organ to administration according to law, improve administrative ability and level of administration according to law. To the "electronic signature law" and other legal documents as the basis, in strict accordance with the statutory authority and procedures to perform duties. Do the law, strict law enforcement, violators are prosecuted, so that enterprises and users of the legitimate rights and interests are protected, the illegal act effectively and timely to stop and punish. To strengthen the awareness of procedures, in strict accordance with the relevant procedures and rules of law enforcement, to promote the public security administrative enforcement of law, the parties and the matter people's right to know, right to participate and the right to relief.
The four is the electronic certification service organization and other e-commerce enterprises to enhance awareness of the law, to carry out business in accordance with the law. The electronic certification service organization as the e-commerce system to guarantee the authenticity of electronic signature, to ensure the security of electronic transactions, will play a key role in promoting the healthy development of electronic commerce. Electronic commerce system to strengthen the industry self-discipline consciousness, strengthen the construction industry itself under the guidance of the government, to strengthen internal management, establish and improve various rules and regulations of management, to improve the quality and reliability of electronic authentication service, to provide a safe, for the integrity of customer service.