[eNet] Silicon Valley dynamic news USA Eastern time on May 9th (Beijing time on May 10th) message: a new version of the Vista operating system Microsoft Corp is about to launch next year will be the European Commission sent an embarrassing position, in the court for it as before the European Union antitrust supervision authority name, the European Commission in doubt whether the Microsoft Corp should again put forward the new charges.
Microsoft Corp's rivals, Google company and Adobe company in the new version of the Windows operating system of dikes with Microsoft Corp will be released early next year.
According to the 2004 it the case of anti monopoly Microsoft Corp refereeing decisions, they can be formally asked the European Commission to take action and ask the Microsoft Corp to modify Vista operating system.
But if the trial court is really the Microsoft Corp is willing to overthrow the ruling of the year, the situation becomes different. The problem is the EU's second highest court decisions may have to wait until next year after the official release of Vista operating system.
The European Commission according to its 2004 decision and sanctions to impose on Microsoft Corp has nearly 500000000 euro fine, Microsoft Corp have to the trial court to prosecute, and the court also in the last month, held a hearing.
At present, the Microsoft Corp has not issued a formal delay Vista operating system preparations, and the European Commission will not give up stick to its 2004 decision.
The competition commissioner Neelie Kroes once wrote in a letter to the Microsoft Corp in March, called the option Microsoft Corp on the Vista operating system programming may deprive computer manufacturers and consumers and stifle the industry innovation atmosphere.
Microsoft Corp says it has been very carefully in compliance with the provisions of law, and says it is determined to compete with the Adobe company is to ensure the normal competition in the industry.
The remaining transaction
But the European Commission to strengthen it prior to the Microsoft Corp of sanctions and the implementation of every 2000000 euro fine words, there are still some unfinished business to deal with.
Spokesman Jonathan Todd said: "the European Commission still believes that the Microsoft Corp or did not comply with the 2004 March ruling."
If the European Commission found it before the decision proved to be correct, would have forced the Microsoft Corp directly modify the Vista operating system. But be in suspense cases make the whole situation becomes somewhat unclear.
The court may completely agree with the European Commission in 2004 to make decision, may also use the then ruling completely negate. The court may also be part of a revision of the European Commission to the European Commission Decision and behavior in the future to set a legal range.
The European Commission is currently unable to know exactly what the court will give it such a frame, so now it is very difficult to take the next step.
America, Asia and Europe, a total of 31 countries of the court or the competition and regulatory authority are considered Microsoft Corp with their own advantages of crowding out other competitors in the practice is illegal. Adobe company and Google company are worried about whether he would become a Microsoft Corp under a crowding the target.
