[eNet] Silicon Valley dynamic news local time this Tuesday, the world's largest storage chip maker Korea SamSung electron company said, it has been improved for NAND flash memory chip of digital cameras and digital music player in the price. The company's shares immediately skyrocketed.
Samsung electronics company investor relations senior vice president Chu Woosik said, the company has put NAND flash memory chip prices increased by 5%. He said on the phone: "the end of April this year, we have noticed that the chip demand growth, we expect the growth will continue until late in the second quarter of this year." Because the NAND flash chip supply exceeds demand, last year after the holiday sales season, weak demand, prices substantially earlier this year when the flash memory chip glides. The highest price of Samsung Electronics Company 4GB storage capacity of NAND flash chips fell about 65% than at the end of last year.
Analysts expect the flash memory chip demand will improve, the prices for these chips will soon become more attractive. Chu said, driven by strong demand of flash memory card, expected this year, consumer electronic device manufacturers to launch more high storage density chip in their products. Market research agency Daiwa Securities Jae analyst H. Lee said: "the May of this year there have been signs of recovery in demand, despite the slow growth, but demand will continue to grow even stronger." He expected the flash memory chip demand in the third quarter of this year will be higher.
Samsung Electronics vice president Chu said, the company's first flash chip based computer soon will be in June or July shipment, the industry than previously expected later this year ahead of many. In March this year, Samsung Electronics announced computer prototype using static NAND flash memory chips, which replaced the traditional rotary disk. The company expects to notebook computer will have 30% of the global prior to 2008 using flash memory chip.
By the influence of high prices for chips, Samsung Electronics Company's stock rose another 0.9% after a rise of 2%, compared to 661000 per share won closing, under, the entire stock market fell 0.12%.
The world's third largest flash chip manufacturer Hyundai semiconductor company officials also confirmed their NAND flash memory chip prices have increased. Hynix Semiconductor Companies investor relations director James Kim said: "we noticed a flash chip demand is steady growth." Hynix Semiconductor companies had previously said that the first quarter of this year the flash memory chip price than the fourth quarter fell by 29% last year.
Market research agency Kyobo Securities analyst Lee Woo-hyun said the South Korean chip maker is the prospect of hybrid. He said: "this year in May, the NAND flash chip high prices are expected to chip maker's revenue will recover, but the problem is that the foreign exchange rate level is still favorable. So the South Korean chip manufacturers will continue to encounter some troubles." This year the won dollar exchange rate rose 8.6%, makes the business prospects of South Korean exporters hurt.
Hynix Semiconductor Company's stock rose 4.3% to 32850 won to share.
