[eNet] the former special comment in the field of telecommunications a lucent, cruel shock in the market, not when your spirit. Lucent, Baer Laboratory of this enterprise has produced 6 Nobel prize winners, now already is old, Al Carter annexed once close not long ago. In April 2nd, Alcatel and Lucent formally announced the merger, $13400000000. In April 27th, Al Carter enterprise solutions global president Jean-Christophe Giroux in an interview with the media revealed that the current progress with Al Carter and Lucent rather smoothly, nine months after Al Carter and Lucent will complete the merge.
One is in the United States, Lucent, one is in the French Al Carter, different policy by different operating environment, increasing the difficulty of merging intangible market influence, coupled with rapidly changing, Al Carter the successful digestion lucent?
Lucent's decline has led to consolidation
Formerly known as AT&amp;amp; the Western Electric Company T (Western Electric) 1996 lucent lucent, from AT&amp;amp; T spin off listing, has quickly become one of the hot pursuit of the market Niugu, stock price once reached $63, in 1998 the market value of more than AT&amp;amp; T. In 1999, Lucent stock further climb to $80, this Baer laboratory enterprises gradually become the telecom industry star enterprise. Al Carter at this time, the strength is not strong in lucent. Different market expanding strategy, let the two companies have completely different ending.
In 2000, the telecommunications industry bubble disappeared, sag telecom equipment demand make lucent the telecom industry proud era can not resist, market slump. Then lucent in order to improve their own performance, keep their customers, to give customers a favorable conditions, sometimes in order to get the contract to provide loan. The huge negative amount also let lucent suffered from the decline in performance of bitterness, due to poor performance, in 2000 October, Lucent CEO MAC dismissed. In 2002, Lucent shares fell to 58 cents, sales have dropped by $28900000000 in 2000 to $8500000000 in 2003. In 2002 Russell (Patricia F. Russo) as the CEO, through the drastic cost cutting will lucent back from the brink. Lucent's performance has improved, but most of the profit is not from Lucent's own business, but the pension fund income.
The strength of the Al Carter, and Lucent as the market experienced a baptism of violent storms, different development strategies to let Al Carter quickly out of the decline in performance of the trough. In order to get rid of the dilemma, Al Carter massive layoffs to cut costs, at the same time, the company conducted a business structure adjustment, stripped of microelectronics, batteries, cables and mobile phone etc. underperforming businesses. In addition to Al Carter's business throughout the world, and the possession of absolute power in the broadband Internet equipment, Al Carter in the strength of the telecom market after the disappearance of the bubble rapidly beyond lucent. Because the lucent investment not strong W-CDMA project, again crisis Lucent's performance.
Lucent performance continued to decline led to the merger with Lucent's Al Carter, Al Carter also embarked on a long road with lucent.
With the road is not smooth
As early as five years ago, Al Carter intends to buy lucent, due to the problem of control right can't reach consistent and postponed to today. The successful merger, safety problems of two companies responsible for their own secret government project, has become a major problem in the merging process have to face.
In the Al Carter formally announced the merger of Lucent in the news, in order to appease the EU's worry, Al Carter will be under the satellite sector and related key security department sold to Tailisi. To sell the business, Alcatel will serve as Tailisi shareholders, not to set foot on the EU and France safety critical military and aerospace industry directly. Baer has been responsible for Lucent America government related confidential, Alcatel and Lucent decided to set up a subsidiary responsible for related with USA government secrets project. The subsidiary will be by an independent board of directors responsible for the board of directors, by former USA defense minister William? Perry, former CIA director Kenneth Minnie Han composition?. However, the government has been extremely sensitive to safety in the United States might agree with Al Carter it?
Safety issues related government secret project, become a major problem in the merger of Alcatel lucent. In addition, the two companies after the merger, Al Carter also face how to improve the performance of the challenge lucent. Lucent bet W-CDMA equipment management risk, with the merger success will shift to marry Al Carter's head, how to Lucent looking for new profit growth point, but also the process of two companies merged in the problem that must think. The most worrying problem of personnel of enterprises, has become the merging process of trap, Lucent existing business development such as overseas instability, retirement pension and health-care costs and other issues, if there is no reasonable solution, it is bound to affect the progress of the merger.
Al Carter and Lucent merger of high-level personnel appointment, the merger of two enterprises is also a hidden danger. Different is, the two companies after the merger, the new company by CEO CEO Russell as Alcatel lucent, CEO Xie Rick due to retirement principles as non-executive chairman. Such a strange personnel arrangement, can let Al Carter employees convincing. After all, in this merger, Al Carter is a hero. For some of the poor performance of Lucent project, Al Carter is abandoned or maintained, it will