Editor's note: the CCTV building new media. A total of three terminal 9 licences to open the door, into the field of network TV, mobile phone and PC terminal can see program. SARFT confirmed that, following the Shanghai article wide won the first IPTV licences, CCTV was second IPTV licenses.
News: yesterday, reporters learned from CCTV, CCTV has been approved by the State Administration of radio, television, mobile phone, access to IPTV network TV three terminal based on a total of 9 licence. This is CCTV comprehensive network into the area open the floodgates wide to. The audience in the future not only on TV can see CCTV video program, also can see the program in the mobile phone and PC terminal.
Last May 10th, Shanghai Wenguang received SARFT issued in the domestic first IPTV licences, CCTV defeated the accident. CCTV international and internal sources, the IPTV license, and the integration of its original 6 websites in the establishment of the new CCTV international is closely related to. CCTV international website and CTV network two recently eventually merged to form the new CCTV international. It is reported, the network value-added services, video search engine, host blogs business will rapidly spread. (JINGWAH Times reporter Xin Yuanwei)
Action: the new CCTV CCTV international by CCTV international website (CCTV.com) and the two institutions were merged to form the CTV network, CCTV in the original layout, the former as official website, dissemination for narrowband network video and graphic information; the latter as subsidiary, responsible for broadband video transmission; in addition, a subsidiary of CCTV public information is responsible for the wireless value-added business. CCTV former deputy director Wang Wenbin will serve as the director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, CCTV network communication center of CCTV international general manager. Wang Wenbin introduces, CCTV is not only is the television media, network media. Effect of CCTV will borrow TV media is strong to stretch the network media, more emphasis on the characteristics of video. CCTV's goal is to enter the website of domestic and world media websites in the forefront of the next 3 to 5 years.
Comment:
(1) a veteran radio and television sector believe that, IPTV is a new field, CCTV also attempt to enter. "For the new media business, the initial stage may not have completely clear thinking."
(2) IDC research report also showed: real time video on demand is IPTV users the most attractive aspects, in the survey, 25% of users answer because attracted by real-time demand function, can choose IPTV. High quality TV effect and main reason more choices of channel is the user to select IPTV.
Analysis of Shanghai IPTV bidding competition pattern
In April 29th, Shanghai Telecom launched IPTV formal commercial tender, is the time just after the SARFT issued second IPTV licenses, five one before the holiday began. It is reported, the tender will be invited bidding, and invited enterprises are always actively participate in the Shanghai Telecom IPTV test is most manufacturers, UT Starcom, Huawei, ZTE, ASB, Siemens, Microsoft in.
Because the UT Starcom and Siemens has been involved in the construction of commercial network test from last year, a large number of them upfront and communications equipment "lock-in" determines the two finalists, continue to the possibility of a large. However, since last year, UT Starcom business into a ditch, also was not convincing single, on this point, Shanghai Telecom will have scruples.
Analysys International believes that Shanghai Telecom IPTV, the formal commercial bidding will focus on two aspects, one is the advanced technology equipment, two is commercial experience and product maturity. In advanced technology, like China Netcom, China Telecom also tend to adopt the H.264 standard, and have certain advantages in this aspect Siemens and Al Carter. In the commercial experience, despite the early market share most of UT Starcom away, but begin from last year, ZTE is undoubtedly the most strong market power -- from Jiangsu, Guangdong to the previous Beijing, ZTE in the domestic market deployment experience will become its biggest advantage. (source: Analysys International)
The other action:
Three media participation licence competition, according to the "daily of the first finance and economics", there are three institutions puts forward the development of mobile phone television business applications to the SARFT, including two national radio: the Central People's broadcasting station and Chinese Radio International, another is the Beijing TV station's Beijing media.
What is IPTV?
IPTV is an interactive network TV, is a use of broadband cable television network, Internet, multimedia, communications and other technologies, the new technology provides many kinds of interactive services including digital television to home users. Users can enjoy IPTV service in two ways: (1) in the home computer, (2) the network box plus). It can adapt well to the network trend of rapid development, the full and effective use of cyber source. IPTV is different from traditional analog cable TV, digital television is also different from the classic. Because, the traditional and classical digital TV has the characteristics of frequency division multiplexing, timing, one-way broadcast; though digital TV classic relative to many technical innovations of analog TV signals, but only in the form of change, and did not touch the media content transmission mode.
According to a recent report, last year China mobile phone TV service market size for 150000000 yuan, in effect, and promote the policy of business model, the 3G, the 2008 Olympic Games and other factors, in 2008 China mobile phone TV service market scale will reach 6050000000 yuan. In 2015, mobile phone TV will enter the "civilian
