Abstract: Sina is Chinese Internet banner, Sina let many people know, understand the Internet, and are accompanied by growing together
That day from Sina birth, she is Chinese Internet flagship, until now still is. When many people questioned now mode, Sina Sina, Sina earnings management team's time, certainly must remember forever: spray is often new, just as Socrates said, no man can step into the same river.
When the sensitive media reporters have write heat tracing Wang Yan left CEO when the job, the subconscious is still a concern and attention to sina. No Sina, Wang Yan, how can be so concerned about the fate of sina CEO; still, but is also the history of a pen.
Wang Yangong cannot do not have
Wang Yan is the longest serving the history of sina CEO: sand normal treatment for half a year, 11 months of Wang Zhidong, Mao 2 years, Wang Yan 3 years. Wang Yanyu in 2003 May as head of sina, at the end of 2004, Sina has the most glorious moment: as of December 31, 2004, Sina annual net revenue growth of 75% compared with 2003, to $200000000, a record high. According to the America GAAP (US GAAP), the full year 2004 net profit of 66000000.
At the end of 2004, this point in time, Chinese Internet portal sina is worthy of the title of the first. This point in time, Sina annual total income of $200000000, TOM $123000000 overall NetEase total revenue of $109000000. But just at this moment, some shareholders Sina began selling shares, capital layer operation began to be nervous, the Spring Festival in 2005, Shanda Sina acquisition stock event has occurred, the situation began to change.
Wang Yan, under the leadership of sina, really missed some opportunities. Sina board of directors should miss the opportunity for Sina bears some of the responsibility. During the test, Sina network game thing is a failure; mediocre performance of development of wireless business, can only hit 60 points. The two direction, NetEase and the success of the TOM, is precisely what Sina deficiency.
These two areas, are Wang Yan personally managed projects, Wang Yan very seriously very hard to do a lot of work: as Sina music Valley CEO, initiated and hand in hand three door wireless business website self-discipline and so on. But from the results, Wang Yan now need to two unsuccessful responsibility, should be the general rule, but also all the company.
Why does the board have the responsibility? Because as Sina such big company, establish a culture into a new project investment, speed, the size of the project team, and the views of the board of the relevant. During the period of Wang Yan in office, there are all sorts of things, COO, CO chairman of the joint co president of sina, Sina can let us a glimpse of the board of directors is not calm. The development of sina business is undoubtedly a great influence. For example, Sina in network game, search projects to enter the market relatively late, increased the difficulty of success, it should mainly lies in the board of directors of the decision-making level, the slow reaction.
Can be so large in the grand Sina acquisition stock movements and under pressure, to continue to lead the Sina for more than a year, and reach nearly $200000000 in revenue in 2005, Wang Yan is really not easy. As for the input cost increases, faced many challenges for the opponent and eager to find a new way of sina is also should be. However, the board of directors or a few major shareholders may not think so, they are more eager to quickly obtain the biggest benefit in sina on the body.
New CEO Cao Guowei has a long way to go
Cao Guowei is also the Sina senior management sources, in 1999 September to join sina. But media reports have been less, when just as president in the last year there are some relevant reports. Master of Journalism and financial professional master Cao Guowei has been responsible for Sina in previous years financial work, probably only played half his studies?
Cao Guowei is a long way to go, Sina challenge and self development of breakthrough. The concept of WEB2.0, a new round of investment driven, has been more and more younger brother unconvinced Sina this brother. Forum portal, community information aggregation portal, search portal, blog portal, a confront each other with daggers, although not explicitly stated to replace the news portal Sina's largest, but to the world and old par Internet ambition already be known to all.
In Sina internal vested interest, most have no two fighting determination; and no more shares to the creative impulse of the new entrants, which makes the supplement, the fresh blood of new power becomes a problem. Giant Sina already had big enterprise disease, Sina fundamental main force, the best performance of the Chen Tongsuo led a team of editors, was also much from inside and outside of the accused.
Internal project approval, coordination, execution, according to Sina and staff, is also very fear, fear of difficult to coordinate in the relationship between the parties, not easy to find support. So, Cao Guowei must first face the internal reorganization of things. With layoffs and hiring a certain scale basically will at the same time: see is Sina wireless unit in a large number of new hires, hear is wireless department already has a number of people left or are leaving.
Profitability, removing advertising and wireless business tradition, Sina urgently need a new profit model, is his discussion or imitate others, or wait until a clear pattern to learn over; and the order and combination, is Cao Guowei to face the decision problem.
For small suggested that Sina
First of all, Sina board of directors (major shareholder) to