Lu Chunchu of president of big Chinese District turnover of EMC company as the "secretary" event marked the end of. This raise a Babel of criticism of the storm, and ultimately to the parties the double output end.
A foreign company work disputes between boss and female secretary of the mail contact, because the network diffusion, quickly spread throughout the country. To see an outsider, just add a entertainment topic; and to the parties, but they have to bear the bitter fruit of event enlargement. Female secretary Rebecca can not find work, President Lu Chunchu also sad to leave. The topic will slowly cooling down, but for each one will enter or fights are persons in the workplace, the lesson will always works. Do an occupation, you should keep the workplace rules of the game; in the workplace, in shades of gray, rational and tolerant.
Rebecca won "history most cow female secretary" of the title in the network, because she replied with a letter in the mail president overbearing, and let all the people of EMC China Company have received this mail. This approach seems very enjoyable, in fact is not occupation.
In the face of president of big China area of blame, a secretary should be how to deal with? Some work in foreign invested enterprises for many years said, the correct approach should be the same with English, write a letter, explaining that day happened and accept the president's request, the tone should be pay attention to gentle and polite. At the same time to their immediate supervisor and HR executives in addition to letter, admitted his mistake and apologize. And Rebecca practices be quite different, it appears in the occupation personage, her workplace unspoken rule but not in violation of the prescribed rules. This way is not good for the party, no one is willing to accept in the workplace.
Because of unusual move, Rebecca, also caused a lot of speculation. Is the president and Secretary bitterness already for a long time? Deliberately against two kinds of culture? In fact, the causes of things is very simple, the boss and female secretary views on work time and scope is different from, and embodied in the cultural conflict. Similar. Similar to this grey area, whether in the state-owned enterprises or foreign, are equally.
Differences in work time limit, the scope of duty clear, management mode, subtleties, with no clear rules in our company, also do not belong to the scope of the law. The gray area in the workplace, different enterprises have different processing modes. The parties involved, should respect the own enterprise culture. Any act, if there is no breakthrough in the company's business management category, to be dealt with in accordance with the company's internal mode. At the violation of such rules, it is possible to cause unnecessary harm.
The CEO of a large China area, because a letter is not fully consider the wording whether strict working mail, end up leaving; a female secretary, because a spirit move, may end the occupation career; a company internal contradictions, because of the rapid spread of the network, make the company into a public relations vortex, more or less affect the company reputation and performance. Internal event of a simple enterprise, finally led to a huge waste of social costs.
Just imagine, if the female secretary and the boss put conflicts in a private way to communicate and solve, if both sides can treat the work to more occupation mentality, with superior subordinate relationship, "the history of most female secretary" event may not occur. So, in the workplace people will once again remember, let God be God, let the unto Caesar caesar. As for those between God and Caesar, preferably with a tolerant heart.
