Covering 15 provinces, involving 4 billion yuan more than the "China MLM first case" detection
160000 people have been brainwashed into MLM trap
According to Xinhua news agency, Beijing [] on 9 May, (reporter Chen Fei) this is together covering the whole country 15 provinces, involving more than 16 people, involving up to 4 cases of large MLM network million yuan.
This is by far the largest national public security agencies to fight treatment, shall be investigated for criminal responsibility, the largest number of punishment with the largest pyramid selling network gang crime.
Woman cheated out of cases
Track down sb. by following clues "Godfather" arrested
In April 5, 2004, Shandong Zibo police to obtain an important clue: a northeast women to Zhoucun to attend the "multi Timmia cosmetics" pyramid schemes, by others to pay the "entrance fee" on the grounds of fraud 8700 yuan of cash.
"After receiving the report, we followed two days, hold large amounts of the situation, the third day dispatched more than 100 police, more than 20 vehicles, of 3 dens found taken focused action on the spot, seized are to participate in the training of marketing personnel more than 90 people." Zibo Zhoucun Public Security Bureau Detectation battalion Li Jie told reporters.
According to Li Jie, the gang MLM is a cosmetic called "multi Timmia", to "pull the head fee" of 2900 yuan per person to engage in pyramid form. But this so-called cosmetics not only the general membership not seen, even the development of more than 20 line C level characters have not seen.
Along with the network "on-line character" have been arrested, the network members inside is a layer of open, exposed the shocking situation: the members of the network reached more than ten million people, only a grade or above figure amounted to more than 60 people, involving more than a dozen provinces and municipalities, involving up to several hundred million yuan. The most senior figures, the MLM organizations have a "pyramid Godfather" said Yang also gradually surfaced.
On January 23, 2006 at nine thirty in the morning, when Yang Hong Kong and Macao pass, with his wife and two children from the capital airport to fly to Hongkong, at the airport by the police detained on the spot.
At this point, the police after nearly two years of unremitting efforts, the three northeastern provinces, Beijing, Henan to Hebei, Sichuan, Hunan, Guizhou, Inner Mongolia and other 15 provinces, more than 16 people, involving 4 billion yuan more than the big internet pyramid selling case successfully detected.
Emotional communication to reassure Trilogy
Brainwashing hell-bent
According to the police, the MLM organization personnel are often the first to introduce the work and so on the grounds will be newcomers from one place to another lie, resettlement in rural and urban interface rental housing, and cheated of their property and communication tools, concentrated accommodation training, limiting the scope of activities. Their lives are generally very hard, a dozen people in a room, hit the floor, eating from the same big pot. MLM organizers also often pull them to some remote places in the class meeting, the name of "brainwashing", so as to achieve the control of these people in the spiritual purposes.
The pyramid selling organization carried out in-depth study of the Zibo City Public Security Bureau Zhoucun Economic Investigation Brigade Yang Jinlin says to the reporter, pyramid retail personnel can have advocated, fling caution to the winds to deceive relatives and friends, CO opted to become their own line, secret in the process of "brainwashing" in class.
In the "5. 30" project, the police seized a set of the MLM organizations prepared manuscript "textbook", its content is a vivid reflection of the pyramid selling organization "brainwashing" trilogy:
-- emotional teaching, preliminary "brainwashing". In a closed environment, through the medium of instruction, "success" experience introduction, outline "bright future", in the short term can achieve "high return rate," lit "new friends" into illegal MLM gang desire.
-- communication after class, strengthen the "brainwashing". Mainly live in the pyramid retail personnel dormitory building "big family" atmosphere, by the "Trainer" to teach others members and communication skills and pyramid selling strategy and tactics and means, inculcating MLM get rich quick idea, emphasize the rich get rich dream MLM path, will further consolidate, amplification.
-- FAQ, accomplish "brainwashing". Through mutual communication, to the question and answer form to eliminate residual on MLM members negative thoughts, solve the obstacles into action, such as telling "cheat is benign and malicious points, will people to cheat is to make their fortune", eliminate the deceptive feelings of guilt and so on.
"This process of a set of 'brainwashing', make full use of the weakness and psychological characteristics of human nature, will eventually be a 'new friends' into MLM molecular hell-bent." Yang Jinlin said.
Drain dissipate one's fortune
MLM rich alie
"In the whole of network marketing, the real benefit only a handful of those in the 'Pyramid' at the top of the pyramid sales network, the vast majority of pyramid retail personnel did not earn what money, in the end but lost, and some also dissipate one's fortune, break up families." Zibo City Public Security Bureau Zhoucun Economic Investigation Brigade three squadron instructor Zhai Hao told reporters.
Interview, reporter contact to a class B agent's wife, she told her husband to join MLM organizations one family miserable experience told reporters.
The woman who lives in Liaoning Benxi rural areas, a family of four people, there are more than 70 square metres of a house, with more than 20 acres of land, had a fairly well-off in rural life. Since her husband could be the cousin cheat to Hegang to engage in pyramid schemes, home life changed.
"He went to Hegang after a few days, just to call home to 3000 dollars, that want to do business." The woman said, "when I