As long as join will be able to see the "ring" insider information, if we can become friends
Shenzhen young white-collar keen online to find friends
[Washington] "looking for a friend, find a good friend......" This song, almost everyone in childhood will sing. And now, looking for friends of the game moved to the network, called the network "circle of friends", by many white-collar workers and students welcome.
Foreign "circle of friends" to find my childhood classmate
Xiao Li is currently working in Shenzhen, home to a county in Jiangxi. Last year, a foreign colleague A email her, invited her to join him in a foreign website "circle of friends". Li looked at, the rules of the game is very simple, as long as she joins the colleague of A's "circle of friends", you can see all of his "circle of friends" within the data; similarly, other people can see her. If each other congenial, can contact through the registration way. Due to the colleagues face, Li joined the colleague of A's "circle of friends".
Before the Spring Festival this year, Li suddenly got a telephone, the other side of a mouth with her about the native dialect, also affectionately called her previous nickname. Xiao Li was frightened jump, how can anyone know his childhood nickname in the company? Chat just know, the other is his primary school classmates swallow, after graduating from junior high school did not have contact, didn't actually in the same company. The swallow told Xiao Li, she joined the colleague of B's "circle of friends", and his colleague B and fellow A friends. After meeting discovery, two people have seen in the company of a few times, but didn't recognize. According to Xiao Li introduced, she "circle of friends" of the site has 20000000 registered users, the same kind of website is more and more. Xiaoli thinks, "circle of friends" can meet the needs of modern urban people looking for friends, loneliness psychological needs, and between friends introduce more secure than the general network of friends, so by the young people love.
"Circle of friends" has become the new business platform.
Netizen "civilian right" in online a selling sporting goods store. But because he set up shop online fake is flush, the time is not long, credit evaluation, business is not very good. Last year, an old customer said to help him to introduce customers, invited him to join his "circle of friends". "Commoner Caomin found", the "circle of friends" with basketball and outdoor sports enthusiasts, mix, many people became his clients. With more and more people know, "circle of friends" expanding "turnover, linear commoner Caomin" rise, there are two original clients to do part-time his agent.
It is understood, in addition to the network store owner, many engaged in insurance, credit card promotion occupation salesman also started operations using the "circle of friends". An insurance agent said, "provides a platform for the circle of friends", the salesman here first become friends and potential customers, and then carry out marketing activities, can often have a multiplier effect.
New things can bring new problems
As with other network of friends, "friends" also have risks. Mr. Chen because of credulity "circle of friends", cheated once. In March this year, all of a sudden MSN through contact with Mr. Chen, please help him in Shenzhen a senior hotel three days. Mr. Chen asked, the other party who is a good friend of colleagues, to travel to Shenzhen, through the "circle of friends" found Mr. Chen to work in Shenzhen, so please help him. Mr. Chen for gospel truth, help make a deposit book room, also eager to drive the man to the hotel from the train station. After the meeting, the people have no mention of money, Mr. Chen also feel shy to say, thought anyway to stay for three days, before you go ask him to be too late. Who knows, third days to find him at the front desk of the hotel guests, said the same day said in a hurry, has checked out. Mr. Chen hurriedly and good friend contact, ask just know not colleagues. Mr. Chen knew that the man is a liar, must take back the deposit run away.
Mr. Chen told reporters, always think "circle of friends" there are friends, acquaintances, reduced vigilance, an opportunity to cheat. Mr. Chen to remind you, if the "circle of friends" a stranger suddenly ask for help, or to verify the identity of, don't feel bad opening.
And the "circle of friends" this way question. Netizen JoyceLee says, many young people do not know how in the reality and human exchanges, are keen to online dating, it is the embodiment of psychological alienation of modern people. His views have many users agree. But there are also many netizens to "circle of friends" Defense says, it is just a way of social interaction, as for whether to use, how to use, or to be determined by the user's own.
