Intel and Rio white brand notebook brand manufacturers pour of plan
Reporter Wang Ruchen from Shanghai
In the identified 7 key parts specifications, Intel pulled to the global retail giant WAL-MART for its powerful notebook white brand plan. However, four of the world's largest PC brand enterprises began to plan for its phase poured cold water.
Intel channel brand plan based on the CBB (universal module construction plan, namely through) notebook parts specifications of standardization, to promote the notebook market new growth, achieve chip sales promotion, brand enterprises at the same time to form the balance.
"Intel notebook channel brand plan to have any impact on the brand enterprises will not." The day before yesterday (8 days), Intel's most steadfast partner of DELL company directly said. The company's global CEO Rowling said Intel in China Taiwan, through various channels to seek new growth opportunities worthy of respect, but the white card market has always been there to pull the WAL-MART to join and no new.
HP PSG Asia Pacific vice president Xue Jinde think, white card can only meet consumer demand for low-priced products is extremely small, Intel only pull some manufacturers do some parts standardization, but more components may not by it to control, especially in the field of notebook.
Associate general manager of a big China area channel sales department Wang Helin recently to the "First Financial Daily" said, in fact, desktop DIY market is already quite mature, but did not affect the further growth of the brand products in the market.
And before, chairman of Taiwan Acer computer Wang Zhentang also comment, he said, can understand Intel wears several hats, but the notebook market DIY mode is difficult to compete with the brand enterprises, Intel in the channel market layout has been more than 2 years, and no significant effect.
While rival AMD temporarily also not optimistic about the channel brand market, the company's China region Senior Product Manager Tang Zhide said that the market is a chance, but if you can not solve the two problems, it will be difficult to get breakthrough.
First of all, channel white card not the size of the order is very difficult to obtain the foundry enterprise identity. He thinks, PC global brand and OEM enterprises is very high market concentration, four PC enterprise order to support Taiwan area nearly 10 PC enterprises, channel white card order may not go beyond them, a small business set thousands of Taiwan, has no appeal for foundry enterprises.
Secondly, the dispersion of small channels lack liquidity pressure goods. Tang Zhide said that the notebook parts than desktop components will be more expensive, and the current demand is far better than the desktop, in the brand extrusion products, general small dealers no money to press goods.