Optimistic about the mobile TV business license for three media participation
Reporter Sun Jin from Shanghai
Yesterday, "daily of the first finance and economics" was informed that, at present, and three agencies to put out the mobile phone television business applications to the SARFT, including two national radio: the Central People's broadcasting station and Chinese Radio International, another is the Beijing TV station's Beijing media.
"Approved our application has not been sarft." The Central People's Broadcasting Station Chief Engineer Qian Yuelin said.
At present, with the hands of only two mobile phone television licence issued by SARFT, including last year won the brand of Shanghai media group, and has recently announced his brand of CCTV international.
The Central People's Broadcasting Station Chief Engineer Qian Yuelin is confident of obtaining the license, he said, to carry out business of mobile phone TV is a good market opportunity, whether through telecommunications networks or broadcast television network, the Central People's broadcasting station are in the fight, it was just a question of time approved.
China Radio International chief engineer said that licensing is still not confirmed, even if the card, the Central People's broadcasting station also will be tested under the guidance of national standards.
Qian Yuelin said that in the current national standards for mobile TV has not yet promulgated circumstances, put forward the application does not need to specify, just to get a qualification problem.
In the face of much home win situation, development and Reform Research Center of SARFT of audio-visual new media director Dong Nianchu pointed out that the attitude of mobile TV SARFT must based on the full test, and steadily push forward the.
The State Administration of radio in the late 4's to stop notice had pointed out that the recently promulgated the "standard ground mobile digital multimedia broadcasting and interim technology". Without the digital mobile television license suspension.
In March 31st this year, SARFT issued the "notice" on issues related to strengthening management of mobile digital TV test, requirements of mobile TV business without approval of the horse, must before 15 June to stop operating.
"This is all in order to prevent rushing headlong into the chaos of standard, finally the market." Dong Nianchu said, not what the SARFT clear market for issuing new licenses remove obstacles of signal. Mobile phone TV is very promising market, but now is not the gold, the whole world can only say that is still in the experimental phase, China is no exception, especially to fully test on various standard and pattern.
In respect of standards, Chinese market situation can be described as "Qunlong rob bead", European manufacturers respected DVB-H technology, Japan pushing mobile phone oriented single band microwave digital TV service, American Qualcomm is advocated MediaFLO technology, are now lobbying in China.
Reporters from the radio system internal authority was informed, South Korea's leading DMB technology has been obtained the SARFT approval, internal meeting will use this technique to determine the basic. In the test of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou three were also adopted this technology. Not by telecom mobile network transmission standards also problem.
According to a recent report, last year China's mobile TV service market size for 150000000 yuan, and promote the effect in policy, business model, 3G, in 2008 the Olympic Games and other factors, in 2008 China's mobile TV service market scale will reach 6050000000 yuan. In 2015, mobile TV will enter the "civilian".
