AP Xinbaoxun (reporter Zhang Xu) since May 8th, MSN Messenger
Unable to log on, always drops the line fault occur simultaneously in Beijing and the domestic part of the city. This MSN relevant responsible person, has nothing to do with us.
From May 8th onwards, the extensive use of MSN
Messenger as the instant communication tool users, obviously feel that the service is not smooth. The performance is, cannot login, login difficult, frequently dropped, the contacts list cannot be displayed, unable to achieve normal communication. Considering that MSN currently has more than 10000000 users in Chinese, and most of the communication work for business users, therefore, such a large area of service paralysis, caused the dissatisfaction of users. The reporter saw in the MSN contact list, a lot of people but will MSN's name changed to: "a just say a word", "I was MSN alive," and "practice dead" etc..
"It does appear in the China individual city. The reason is the part of the user network into the problem appears when using MSN services". Yesterday, the relevant person in charge told reporters MSN, fault and emergence of MSN services provided no relationship. "The main reason is the problems of local network access equipment. MSN has started an investigation into the problems at present, will be resolved as soon as possible."
"This non temporary, so large range service paralysis, still belong to in MSN for the first time after entering the China." A reluctance to disclose the names of the technology of Internet experts said so. It is reported, at present the part of server MSN sector still abroad. Analysis of the person, the fault is not ruled out in the foreign server by MSN. In addition, there are also possible and part of the user's own computer related.
In fact, the failure in addition to let MSN show quite embarrassed over, the most injury or users of the MSN and the next generation of new service windows live confidence. Windows
Live will release in the second half of the dead this new software service will be Microsoft in weapon for profit model transformation. Although MSN in many services there is a coincidence, but will track and.