Sai Di net news [] May 10th news, Microsoft new Vista operating system so that the European Commission whether to before the court's approval of the European Commission to open a new front in the Microsoft was in a dilemma.
According to the Reuters reports, Google and Adobe and other competitors are keeping a close eye on the new version of Windows operating system to be released early next year. These rivals may formally asked the European Commission to take action. The European Commission may after the 2004 row anti monopoly era award again orders Microsoft modify Vista.
However, if the European Court of first instance as Microsoft requirements that announced that the European Commission's verdict, the European Commission will not get the support of law. Problem is the high court in the European Union second ruling to make after Microsoft Vista operating system listed.
The European Commission ruled in 2004, on the Microsoft fined 500000000 euros, and the implementation of Microsoft some sanctions including Windows operating system sold a modified version. Microsoft appealed to the European Court of first instance. The European Court of first instance held a hearing the case last month.
At present, Microsoft without slowing down the pace of listing preparation Vista. The European Commission nor any concessions for the 2004 award.
EU Commissioner Nery Cross (Neelie Kroes) in March this year to Microsoft letter said, Microsoft Vista program may refuse to manufacturers and consumers to choose the competition of software products, it will hinder the technology innovation. Microsoft argue, it has strictly abide by the provisions of the law. It to compete with the Adobe's decision is based on the European Commission to keep healthy competition principle as the guide.
However, the European Commission enforcement earlier on Microsoft sanctions announced has not ended, and is considering to impose a fine of $2500000 Microsoft every day. EU spokesman Jonathan Todd (Jonathan Todd) said, the European Commission is currently on view Microsoft still did not comply with the requirements of the 2004 March ruling. If the European Commission that the procedure legal, the European Commission will be directly ordered the Microsoft modify Vista.
The court may be the full support of the European Commission 2004 decision, or don't support the verdict. The court may also announce the verdict part is invalid, or make a list of laws of a European Commission future action. The European Commission is now unable to know the legal list, therefore, it is very difficult to take action.