From Fudan to Sina
Newspaper reporter Yang Guoqiang
In 1984, good-looking Cao Guowei admitted to Fudan University Department of journalism. Schoolmate at college recalls, compared to his, but the work "very spectrum", the life and the study was planned.
After graduating from University, Cao Guowei went to Shanghai TV spent two years as a reporter, then went to the United States to study, first at Oklahoma university with a masters degree in journalism, and then to Dezhou Austen university took the master financial professional. Cao thus transferred to the business community, and very early on to add American accountants, certified public accountants become American.
From 1993 to 1999, Cao work at PWC, responsible for providing auditing services and business advice to the Silicon Valley area of high-tech companies. During this period, he has participated in a number of high-tech companies in that city listed.
From 1999 to 2000, Cao Guowei in the identity of the vice president of finance to join Sina, sina USA listed operation. He was involved in the structural design of the China Internet Corporation in the overseas listing, as Sina after ten Chinese concept stocks listed in the United States to provide reference. In 2001, he began to serve as Sina CFO.
From 2000 to 2001, in Wang Yan together to promote and Cao Guowei, Sina changed copy American network advertising sales, changed to meet the time period, the main demand advertising Chinese full flow pattern, advertisers and the confirmation of the customer. This move has laid the foundation for the leading position in Sina in the Internet advertising market.
In 2003, Cao Guowei personally presided over the negotiations completed two M &amp; A (long hearing and net Xing), Sina catch up from behind in the wireless market, stable profit.
In 2004 June, Cao concurrently Sina co operating long, it is responsible for website operation, advertising sales and marketing. He conducted a comprehensive restructuring of the advertising sales department, the introduction of the sales management system, make the Sina 2005 advertising sales growth rate for the first time in more than three years, main competitors. At the same time, he tried to promote the blog development plan, to win the success of sina blog.
Cao Guowei has been awarded the "2005 annual Chinese outstanding CFO" and the "2005 annual China advertising influence people" and other honorary.
In 2005 September, Cao Shengren, President and chief financial officer of sina. In May 10, 2006, as Sina CEO.
