Reporter Wang Ruchen from Shanghai
A person close to best buy (BestBuy) and five star appliance (hereinafter referred to as the "five-star") senior insiders on the "First Financial Daily" said, best buy acquired the five-star 51% stake in one case, a week is expected to officially announce. Moreover, the rumors of its $120000000 takeover bid "compared to the exact amount".
The five-star chairman Wang Jianguo yesterday told reporters, or news determined to say. Immediately hung up in a hurry. However, five star inside a relevant personage says to the reporter, a week announced some fast, this month published should be no problem.
It is reported, a month ago and convenient signed a confidentiality agreement, best buy Group Chairman Shu Ze last visit to China officially disclosed, has signed a joint venture agreement with five-star. Message personage says, five star does not accept the overall acquisition last, best buy the $120000000 to 51% of its equity. After the completion of the acquisition, five-star brand will be retained.
However, the sources said, the best buy for American listing Corporation, the takeover was without USA securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved before, not to announce more details, such as how to best buy executives stationed in the five-star, five-star management style is change etc..
"I think this cooperation, best buy more practical interests." Yongle electrical appliances spokesman Huang Jianping said, the five-star in has not to enter the Shanghai, Beijing and other first-tier cities, in these theater, influence is almost equal to zero.
However, best buy China flagship store after all have been settled in Shanghai, after the completion of the acquisition, the five-star will borrow best buy forces enter Shanghai, Beijing, will concern.
Suning President Sun Weimin to think, best buy acquisition of Five Star appliance is the real purpose of avoiding risks of capital market, the cooperation between the two sides not to they have the obvious threat, because, Su Ning in the first-line, second-line city layout has been quite mature, the current strategic focus has shifted to the three class market, the China mainland, only Tibet, Hainan did not enter.
However, best buy in the China layout speed obviously began to accelerate, in the Chinese's first flagship store in Xujiahui, it has already started the new site, the other two stores in Shanghai.
The related report
Best buy from the abyss of how to operate on small profit margins
Best buy will seem as storage type consumer electronics stores, characteristics of this kind of store of commodity prices is relatively low. In fact, the company has been operating from the abyss of small plot. Therefore it is significant to adjust the strategies adopted include improving consumer experience, product innovation and the introduction of new retail concepts.
Best buy the customer divided into his 5 with different characteristics of consumer groups, through extensive and in-depth market research to explore how to improve the quality of service issues. For example, it is in the state of Illinois Nabeiweile community gathering information eventually led to the birth of D demo room. This is a sell all kinds of trendy products shop, special run, for the school-age children care full-time wife a vending, while also offering free courses to customers, teach you how to use the new product knowledge. This is the best buy 16 months to start third new franchised stores, one kind of franchise stores or even expected to carry out the chain operation. The most unusual is the health care equipment supplies shop franchise stores, in the store, customers can participate in the Pilates body fitness training courses, massage service, also can buy health care equipment.
Best buy does not wait passively for the consumer electronics giant provide fashionable products for it, but to develop its own brand. For example, the company's "savage squad" product development services team whim, wanted to create an external disk drive, thus, personal computer even if put in protective packaging can also be received. The company immediately to do research and development planning, and then to find partners to design and make. The external disk drive from brewing to come out only 120 days. At present, the best buy on hand for several independent brand, it hope to 2008 to the overall profit of such products rate 0.5%.
Another coup children of this company is the emerging technology companies, with the help of the power production for consumers the most popular product innovation. C Patel is in charge of the company business strategy of executive vice president, he regularly to meet with America Silicon Valley and Asian entrepreneurs, to understand the situation of their product research and development. Through this exchange, he discovered a new product -- Slingbox adapter developed by Sling media company. With this new gadget, customers no matter where you are, can be in the home television broadcast transmission to the computer on his hand. Best buy in July last year launched a new product of this $250, a full 3 months earlier than most competitors. This makes the company benefit, it has advanced understanding of the new products that have good prospects of gain sequence, Slingbox adapter is exceeding one's expectations to become one of the year's top selling product.
(from "business week")
