The TD alliance low-key expansion added three members of the class aims to solve real problems in development of TD
Reporter Lu Yue from Beijing
"First Financial Daily" yesterday was informed that the TD Union will be another expansion, expansion of enterprises mainly from three areas: the instrument category, smart antenna and RF chip class class. This is the TD Alliance for the first time in 2006 after the establishment of expansion, is the addition of fourth new members.
Although the TD alliance did not give a positive confirmation. But the message personage says, this expansion mainly includes four companies, a smart antenna enterprise which is Andrew Corp, after the expansion, the number of members of TD alliance will reach 29.
At present, the TD test was carried out like a raging fire in a number of city, but in the previous product testing process, has exposed the problem of testing instruments, such as technical reserves inadequate, absorb the field mentioned companies to join the union organizers plan. The type of business to join seems to be expected. It is reported, this alliance enterprise internal audit at the end of last month the TD alliance internal meeting has passed.
Not coincidentally, the letter produces a ministry to the end of last month in its official website announced in 2006 the first batch of communications industry standard project plan, including TD
Between -SCDMA mobile phone, TD - SCDMA and WCDMA testing method and a series of specific standards, even after the concern of the TD-SCDMA repeater (indoor signal coverage system).
Earlier reports said the station as the weak link, the system equipment in the TD-SCDMA repeater development lag, so far without a standard. According to the Ministry of information industry in 2006 revealed that the plan has been included in the communications industry standard TD-SCDMA repeater industry standard.
The TD alliance in 2002 October by 7 Chinese communication industry well-known enterprises, Datang Group, HOLLEY group, HUAWEI, Lenovo, ZTE, China Electronics, China Putian launched.
